Axis Bank’s Q1FY26 Media Conference Call
July 17, 2025
MANAGEMENT:
MR. AMITABH CHAUDHRY – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO, AXIS BANK LIMITED
MR. RAJIV ANAND – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR, AXIS BANK LIMITED
MR. PUNEET SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, AXIS BANK LIMITED
MR. SUBRAT MOHANTY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AXIS BANK LIMITED
MR. MUNISH SHARDA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AXIS BANK LIMITED
MR. AMIT TALGERI – PRESIDENT & CHIEF RISK OFFICER, AXIS BANK LIMITED

Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Axis Bank Conference
Call to discuss the bank's financial results for the quarter ended 30th June
2025. Participation in the conference call is by invitation only. Axis Bank
reserves the right to block access to any person to whom an invitation has not
been sent.
Unauthorized dissemination of the contents or the proceeding of the call is
strictly prohibited, and prior explicit permission and written approval of Axis
Bank is imperative. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of the
briefing session.
Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this
conference is being recorded. On behalf of Axis Bank, I once again welcome
all the participants to the conference call.
On the call, we have Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry, MD and CEO, Mr. Rajiv Anand,
Deputy Managing Director and Mr. Puneet Sharma, CFO. I now hand the
conference over to Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry, MD and CEO. Thank you and over
to you, Sir.
Amitabh Chaudhry: Thank you, Rayo. We have on the call Rajiv Anand, the Deputy MD, Subrat
Mohanty, ED, Munish Sharda, ED, Puneet Sharma, CFO and other members
of the leadership team. This quarter, we delivered steady operating
performance aided by higher non-interest income and continued moderation in
operating expenses.
Let me summarize the Q1FY26 operating performance. Operating profit was
up 14% YOY and 7% QOQ. Non-interest income grew 25% YOY and our fee-
to-average assets continued to be the best amongst peer private banks.
On a YOY basis, total deposit growth rates were similar for both period-end
and quarterly average basis at 9% and 8% respectively. On a weighted basis,
retail and small business deposits under the LCR framework grew 12% YOY.
On the lending side, small business, SME and mid-corporate together grew at
18% YOY and 5% QOQ and constituted 23% of the total bank loans.
The bank remains well capitalized with a CET1 ratio of 14.68%. We stay
focused on three core areas of execution of our GPS strategy, namely

becoming a resilient all-weather franchise, creating multiplicative forces to
build competitive advantage and building for the future. I will not discuss each
one of these areas. We have significantly progressed towards building a
resilient all-weather franchise.
There are four areas of focus as we navigate the current cycle, deposit quality
and growth, credit growth, retail asset quality and cost, where we continue to
work on sustainable outcomes. On retail asset quality, our normalization cycle
is in progress. As indicated in the last call, we apparently made changes to our
technical recognition criteria, which has impacted Q1FY26 asset quality
numbers across cost slippages, net slippages, credit costs and interest
reversals, impacting NIMs.
Puneet will provide details on each of these. On credit, we are focused on
delivering better growth outcomes. Quarter 1st, financial year 2026 has been
one of our strongest quarters in terms of QOQ loan book growth in the last few
years. Wholesale banking growth was driven by sector-specific demand,
strong refinancing activity and disciplined execution, not just rates tailwinds.
On the cost side, our expense growth moderated 2% YOY and declined 5%
QOQ. Let me move to the deposits now. The deposit journey for Axis Bank
should be looked at from three aspects -- quality, cost and growth.
Please refer to slide number 17. On the first two parameters, we have delivered
well and demonstrated consistency. We have improved the granualization in
our deposit book, which possibly impacts the quality of LCR deposits,
consequently improving the outflow ratio by 150 basis points over the last one
year and is similar to larger peer banks.
We have also demonstrated controlled increase in cost of funds over the last
eight quarters. Our confidence in the franchise has allowed us to take early
and proactive action on savings account rates and term deposits. This has
resulted in a QOQ decline of 11 basis points in cost of funds.
The quality and strength of our deposit franchise continues to improve. Our
acquisition engine, expansion plans, product launches, salary credits and
Burgundy AUMs remain healthy. The bank has made focus interventions to
ensure better engagements with its salaried customers and continues to see
healthy trends with 18% YOY growth in salary uploads in the NTB Salary Book
by June 25, 27% YOY growth in premium acquisitions in NTB Salary Group by
June 25.

The premiumization of our franchise continues to progress well, led by 6%
QOQ growth in Burgundy AUM. As per the recently published Asian Private
Banker India 2024 league tables, we retain the third position with the highest
growth rate amongst banks. Our industry-leading NEO platforms, along with
customized solutions across liquidity management, payments and collection,
continue to drive higher transaction banking flows.
Please refer to slide 31 for more details. On creating multiplicative forces to
build competitive advantage, as a full suite cards and payments player, the
bank continues to hold on innovation-led partnership models to tap newer
customer segments and the evolving needs. It partners with Flipkart, Group
SuperMoney and RuPay to launch a co-branded credit card targeted at UPI
users, and an innovative wearable payment solution in partnership with boAt
and Mastercard.
Building for the future, digital bank performance continues to remain strong,
providing fraud-safe data. Digital platform remains a key focus area for the
bank. In Q1 FY26, the bank enhanced transaction monitoring and introduced
fraud prevention related features, such as mobile OTP, Safety Center and lock
FD.
On the corporate banking side, the bank continued the rollout and further
enhancement of features on the NEO platform. In Q1 FY26, the bank migrated
80% of eligible clients to the NEO platform. Our digital platforms are scaling
rapidly.
Adi, the Gen AI-powered frontline assistant, has seen a 66% increase in usage.
It helps employees deliver faster, consistent resolutions at the frontline,
enhancing productivity and reducing dependency on manual support. Bank-
wide programs to build distinctiveness through Bharat Banking and Sparsh
continue to progress well.
The rule advances grew 5% YOY and deposits from Bharat branches were up
9%, thereby aiding the PSL metrics. We have expanded our multi-product
distribution architecture to 2,737 branches. Sparsh 2.0, our enhanced
customer experience program, simplifies interactions driving NPS, automation
and dataization with a focus on customer loyalty and business growth.
Our retail bank NPS score has matured significantly, rising to 159 from a
baseline of 100 in the past three years. Softer aspects like our brand
consideration score has also improved over the past few years. In conclusion,
we are optimistic as we step into FY26.

We believe large, well-capitalized banks like Axis with strong digital
capabilities, innovative product suites are best placed to capitalize on the India
opportunity. Our platform will allow us to grow at rates faster this year than the
industry and this thesis will continue to play in the medium term.
Before I hand over to Puneet, on behalf of the bank, I would like to
acknowledge Rajiv Anand's exceptional 16-year journey with Axis Group. We
thank him profusely for his visionary leadership and invaluable contributions
across all business segments of the bank that has created a lasting impact on
the bank's growth and culture. Thank you so much, Rajiv. I will now request
Puneet to take over.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you, Amitabh. Our performance at a glance for Q1FY26 is as follows.
Operating profits at INR11,515 crores, up 14% YOY, 7% QOQ. Our operating
performance is driven by higher non-interest income and effective cost control.
Our net interest income was up 1% YOY, down 2% QOQ. Net interest margin
at 3.80%, down 17 basis points QOQ.
Non-interest income up 25% YOY, fee income up by 10%, retail fee up 9%,
granular fee accounts for 91% of our total fee. Operating revenue was up 8%
YOY, operating expenses grew 2% YOY and was down 5% QOQ. We
delivered a positive operating job for the quarter.
Cost of assets at 2.41%, declined 5 basis points QOQ, 13 basis points YOY.
Consolidated ROA at 1.51%, X of technical impact ROA was 1.66%.
Consolidated ROE at 13.57%, X of technical impact 14.9%. Our focus on
average deposits continues. MEB deposit growth remains steady.
YOY, MEB, QAB total deposits grew 9% and 8% respectively. Term deposits
grew 12% and 12% respectively. CA grew 9% YOY, 4% QOQ. SA grew 3%
YOY, 1% QOQ. MEB-QAB CASA ratio was at 40% and 38% respectively.
Average LCR during Q1FY26 was 119%. Outflow rates improved by 150 basis
points over the last year. Cost of funds declined by 5 basis points QOQ and 11
basis points YOY.
SBB, SME and mid-corporate growth remains healthy. Our SBB, SME and
mid-corporate mix stood at INR 2,472 billion worth of loans, 23% of our total
loans, up 820 basis points over the last 4 years. Overall, our advances grew
8% YOY. The bank's focus segments grew 11% YOY.
SME loans were up 16% YOY and 2% QOQ. Corporate loans were up 9%
YOY, 6% QOQ. And mid-corporate was up 24% YOY and 15% QOQ. Our

small business banking book grew 15% YOY and 1% QOQ. Retail loans grew
6% YOY with rural loans growing 5% YOY. We are well capitalized with a self-
sustaining capital structure and adequate liquidity buffers.
Overall, our capital adequacy stood at 16.85%. Our CET1 ratio was 14.68%,
up 62 basis points YOY. Additional cushion of 36 basis points over reported
capital adequacy is attributable to other provisions of INR 5,012 crores, not
counted in the stated capital adequacy ratio number. Our excess SLR was INR
96,608 crores.
We continue to maintain a strong position in the payments and digital banking
space. ‘Open’ by Axis Bank remains amongst the world's top rated mobile
banking app on Google Play Store and iOS Play Store with ratings of 4.7 and
4.8, respectively, with 15 million active monthly users. 0.79 million credit cards
were acquired in Q1 FY '26. Cards in force market share was 14%.
Let me move to the asset quality trends and the impact of the technical impact
and explain that a bit. We disclosed in our Q4 FY '25 Earnings Call that we
have reviewed the classification and upgrade criteria for certain types of loans
that would impact the reported asset quality metrics. Accordingly, the prudent
application of technical parameters for recognizing slippages and consequent
upgrades have been implemented and has impacted reported asset quality
parameters, including provisions and conveniences for the quarter ended 30th
June 2025.
The technical impact is largely restricted to cash credit and overdraft products
and one-time settled accounts. Hence, due to the technical impact, the
reported values of gross slippages, net slippages, credit cost, NPA ratios, ROA
and ROE are not like for like comparable to previous quarter, previous year.
We have provided Slide 44 of the investor presentation that quantifies the
impact of the technical impact across the key variables that I have discussed
about. Let's move to each one of them in some detail. Reported gross
slippages for the quarter were INR 8,200 crores. INR 2,709 crores of gross
slippages is attributable to the technical impact representing 1.03% of gross
slippages for the quarter in value terms. Gross slippages for the quarter
adjusted for technical impact is INR 5,491 crores. Gross slippages X of
technical impact have increased 13 basis points YOY and 20 basis points
QOQ.
The QOQ impact is also a function of agri-seasonality. Reported gross slippage
ratio annualized for Q1 is 3.13%. Adjusted for technical impact is 2.10%. Gross

slippages segmentally were INR 7,500 crores in retail, 403 in CBG and 297 in
our wholesale business. The technical impact on gross slippages by segment
were INR 2,165 crores for retail, INR 234 crores for our wholesale business
and INR 310 crores for our CBG business.
Segmentally the gross slippage ratio for our CBG and wholesale segments
adjusted for technical impact declined QoQ and YoY. For the quarter, 29% of
the gross slippages other than technical impact are attributed to linked
accounts of borrowers which were standard when classified or have been
upgraded in the same quarter.
It's important to note that 80% of the individual contracts that slipped because
of the technical impact and that continue to remain NPA at 30th June 2025 are
fully secured. Hence, given the security cover, we believe that economic loss
due to technical impact will be minimal over the life of such contracts.
Net slippages, reported net slippages for the quarter were INR 6,053 crores,
INR 1,861 crores of the net slippage is attributable to technical impact
representing 0.71% of the net slippage for the quarter in value terms. Net
slippage for the quarter X of technical impact is INR 4,192 crores. Reported
net slippage ratio annualized is 2.33%, net slippage ratio adjusted for technical
impact is 1.62%.
Net slippages segmentally were INR 5,726 crores in retail, INR 137 crores in
CBG and INR 390 crores in our wholesale business. The technical impact on
net slippages by segment were INR 1,574 crores in retail, 187% in our WBCG
business and INR 100 crores in CBG. Segmentally, the net slippage ratio for
CBG and wholesale segments adjusted for technical impact declined YOY.
Our recoveries from written off accounts for the quarter was INR 904 crores,
increasing 53% YoY and flat QoQ. Net slippages for the quarter adjusted for
recoveries from written off pool and technical impact were INR3,228 crores.
The same number for Q1 FY25 was INR 2,700 crores and the comparable
number for Q4 FY25 was INR1,079 crores.
Segmentally, for retail, it was INR 3,636 crores. Equivalent number for Q1
FY25 was INR 2,456 crores and for Q4 was INR 2,297 crores. Our commercial
banking business was negative INR14 crores for the quarter. For Q1 FY25, it
was INR13 crores and Q4 FY25, INR 5 crores. For our wholesale banking
business, it was negative INR 334 crores. For Q1 FY25, it was INR 231 crores
positive and for Q4 FY25, it was negative INR 123 crores.

Our reported GNPA ratio is 1.57%. GNPA ratio adjusted for technical impact
was 1.41%, lower by 13 basis points YOY. Reported net NPA ratio is 0.45%.
Net NPA ratio adjusted for technical impact stands at 0.36%, increasing 2 basis
points YOY and 3 basis points QOQ.
Thank you for your patience for our opening remarks. We would be happy to
take questions.
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from Saloni Shukla from Economic
Times. Please go ahead.
Saloni Shukla: Hi, good evening. Mr. Chaudhary, you had said recently that any meaningful
growth will only come after the next two quarters. But Sir, even if we consider
the technical impact, the asset quality performance hasn't been very great. So
can you explain from here onwards how should we see FY '26 for Axis Bank
on asset quality and even growth parameters? I'm seeing home loans also
have not grown. So, LAP has grown and SME has grown. But if you could just
sort of answer both these questions. Thank you, Sir.
Amitabh Chaudhry: Sorry, Saloni. Thanks a lot for the question. Let me take on the growth question
first and then I'll come to asset quality. I made a statement. I said that our
platform will allow us to grow at rates faster this year than the industry. And
this thesis will continue to play in the medium term.
I think this line clearly brings out the fact and our intent and our confidence in
terms of what can happen on growth. Obviously, this is subject to what
happens in the market and how the market plays out. But we do believe that
our platform is now well-poised to grow across various sectors, across various
asset classes.
Where do we see more growth? Where the opportunity is? Obviously,
something which we are watching very closely. We have been working on each
of those platforms. There are reasons, very specific reasons why some asset
classes have grown or not to that extent. But please continue to focus on the
macro statement we are making.
As far as asset quality is concerned, apart from the technical change which
Puneet talked about, when you compare the first quarter to the last quarter of
last financial year, you do have this unusual impact coming through in the first
quarter around agriculture NPL. So, you do have a situation where in the first
and the third quarter you see a spike in NPLs because of agriculture. And then
kind of you recover that in the second quarter.

So, when you take the impact of that out, I think our overall slippages are
similar. I will ask Puneet to expand on that further. But I do not see any change
in terms of where the slippages are. We have also said last quarter that the
credit card performance has stabilized. We will continue to monitor the
performance of some of the other areas, which is personal loans and MFI and
so on and so forth, and give you a first statement in terms of our outlook at the
end of second quarter.
We continue to maintain that. But the overall slippages are not growing. They
are stabilizing. If you take the impact out of the two factors, one is the technical
decline, second is the agri. Puneet, if you want to add anything, please go
ahead.
Puneet Sharma: No, I would agree. I think, yes, if we have to identify one marginal area of
improvement for ourselves, yes, recoveries and upgrades is what we can work
on. But otherwise, I think our slippages are not exceptionally off what we see
in other quarters.
Saloni Shukla: Okay, I just want to slip in one question. Would it be possible for you to give
me a break-up of the slippages, which sectors it is coming from?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the question. I think as we called out, a dominant part of the
slippages is coming from the retail segment. So, it is actually sector agnostic.
From a product perspective on the retail side, we are seeing that come from
the cash credit overdraft product largely offered to the retail customers, which
includes some of the cash credit overdraft products we offer to the retail agri-
customers that we have. So that's one product set that has gotten impacted by
the change in the current quarter.
Holistically, across product sets, we have changed how we are accounting for
one-time settlement classification, and that's across product sets because
that's a thematic change in classification. So those are the two places where
We have seen the impact play through. So, it will be sector agnostic, more
product specific, please.
Saloni Shukla: Okay, thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Ritu Singh from CNBC. Please go ahead.
Ritu Singh: Hi. I understand you repeated a few times this technical impact, but if you could
put it very simply, why did you choose to change how you make provisions,
what your policies around those really are? What were the sort of loopholes
you identified because of which you chose to change this policy?

So, in very simple words, if you could explain what exactly is this technical
impact, and even without that, your retail slippages of INR 7,500 crores,
excluding that INR 5,335 crores. Could you give us a breakup of exactly how
much of this is agri, and where is the other stress that you are seeing? That's
one question.
Second, on your loan growth in single digits at about 8% only, going ahead, do
you expect this number to improve meaningfully? And if I may slip in a third
question, since Mr. Rajiv Anand is retiring this quarter, is the DMV position that
you are looking to fill at the bank anytime soon? Thank you.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the questions. Okay, let me demystify technical impact in simple
terms. NPA classification happens on days past-due criteria, and then there is
qualitative criteria, which teaches agnostic of days past-due. An example of
that could be, if you've given a customer a one-time settlement, do you follow
the days past-due criteria for downgrading the customer, or do you downgrade
the customer as and when a one-time settlement is given?
So qualitatively and simply, classification can happen on days past-due,
classification can happen on qualitative parameters. We have not changed any
day-past-due parameters because they are driven by regulation.
The qualitative parameters, as we have previously indicated, we benchmark
the most prudent in market on an annual basis. That benchmarking exercise
happens for us in the period of Feb and March, and the implementation of that
happens from the next fiscal.
The purpose of the benchmarking is to make sure that our balance sheet is
resilient and can withstand any credit cycle that comes our way, therefore
giving you a robust, credible outcome when growth comes back. So that's the
thinking behind why the change and what the change is about.
I'll defer to Amitabh to answer the DMD question. If I've missed another part of
the question, I'd be happy to come back and take that.
Ritu Singh: That is on the credit growth, and also on the slippages in this about size 335,
including the technical impact, the retail slippage. How much is from the
agriculture portfolio and how much and where is the rest from?
Puneet Sharma: So roughly, if you look at what we do, is Q1 and Q3 are cyclical, and the way I
would request you to think about it is, in Q1 and Q3, about 25% or thereabouts
of slippages are from the agri portfolio. So, you could apply the maths to INR

5,400 crores, and roughly about 25% or thereabouts would be agri. The
percentage would be broadly similar for last year's rupee crore number.
Ritu Singh: The rest of the 75%?
Puneet Sharma: The rest of the 75% is coming entirely from the unsecured business. We are
very clear in making a call-out saying, we do not see stress in the secured part
of our retail book as on date.
Ritu Singh: Sorry, since you say 75% of those slippages are from the unsecured book,
when do you see that book stabilizing?
Puneet Sharma: So, it would basically be, if you look at the INR 5,491 crores that I called out, if
you back out the 25% of agri, you will be left with a residual number. A large
part of that residual number would have trigger accounts from the retail
unsecured book, and some of them would have also got upgraded during the
quarter.
Ritu Singh: Sure. On the credit quote and the DMV question, thank you.
Amitabh Chaudhry: So, when Rajiv retires in August, as per expectations of RBI, we need to have
MD, CEO and three EDs. Our NRC is actively looking at who and when we
appoint a third person as Executive Director of the bank. When we are ready
to do that, we will be very happy to do it, but you should expect announcement
of ED appointment as Rajiv retires. So that is the answer to one of your
questions.
Second question I thought I answered in detail in the response to the first
question, which was, yes, credit growth is where it is, but our confidence about
what we can do the rest of the year and in the medium term given where our
platform is, is high. We are expecting to grow faster than the industry.
Obviously, that's an expectation, but we are quite driven towards ensuring that
we can deliver that output. Our platform allows us to do it. It is a question of
identifying the specific retail asset class and the wholesale asset classes where
we want to grow.
So, we have made that statement very clearly. We are not guiding for growth,
but I have given you enough hints on that. We believe we can go faster than
the industry.
Ritu Singh: Sure. The industry numbers are about 10% at the moment, so we will take cue
from that.

Amitabh Chaudhry: Let us see what the industry is, and we will at Axis Bank try to ensure that we
are better than that.
Ritu Singh: Thank you.
Amitabh Chaudhry: Thank you, Ritu.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Vishwanath Nair from NDTV. Please go
ahead.
Vishwanath Nair: Hi. Just a -- I mean, I am sorry I am still harping about this technical impact
thing, but just the fact that your NPA number has changed, or fresh slippage
numbers can change from INR 5,500-odd crores to INR 8,200 crores, and INR
2,700 crore addition. I mean whatever material or immaterial changes you
might be making to your NPA classification; it is just a little surprising that the
gap is so big. So, if you can explain why exactly the gap is so big.
The second part of this question is about the growth aspect. So, I know you
made a lot of comments, Mr. Chaudhry, but just the fact that your retail book
is not at all at this point in time showing any material growth of 6%. 27% of your
retail book is just home loans, which has not grown at all in quarters, multiple
quarters.
And if you were to look at the next largest piece of your book, which is rural
loans, there as well you have seen a QOQ decline. I am just trying to
understand the reason behind this confidence that you will beat industry
growth. Just these two questions. Thank you.
Amitabh Chaudhry: Well, we are – normally, I think you will notice that as Axis Bank. we are quite
careful about what we say. I think sometimes we are blamed for not saying
enough or not projecting things in the future too much. The fact that some of
the retail asset book has not grown should actually give you confidence that
we can grow because there is that much more opportunity for it to grow. Some
of the asset classes have not grown because you have seen a spate of
regulation changes, which has meant that the way loans are done or the way
loans are given out, their processes has change or the way they have to be
booked, that process has changed.
So, in some of the areas where the growth is not there, it is not because if you
go and look at the numbers, the disbursement growth is quite solid, but the
overall AUM has not grown because in many cases you have seen loans
getting repaid or renewal not getting done, etcetera.

So, the second part of the confidence comes from there, that we know that the
disbursement growth is going quite well. A number of asset classes in the retail
area, but the AUM is not reflecting that as yet and it will reflect over a period of
time. Wholesale is an area also which did not grow for a long period of time or
did not grow fast enough. In this quarter we have shown that the wholesale
side has started growing.
So, by the way not that our overall loan growth is bad, our loan growth is in line
with the industry and we are seeing that the industry credit growth starts picking
up. We believe we can also pick up from where we are. So if you believe that
if we can deliver this growth with, as you said, low loan growth on the mortgage
side or Bharat Banking side, I think it should give you more confidence that
what we are saying comes with some logic.
As far as the credit, the slippages are concerned, I will ask Puneet to add, but
at a very conceptual level, what this new provision policy has done for us is
that it has either led to...
Vishwanath Nair: I am sorry, I think the audio dropped.
Moderator: Participants, thank you for patiently holding your lines. We have the lines of the
management reconnected. Over to you, Sir.
Amitabh Chaudhry: Sorry, I was on that answering the question on the credit costs. We got
disconnected. Apologies about that. So, I have explained to you what's really
happening conceptually. Again, just to repeat, so you get the sense for what
we are saying. Either it's pre-polling recognition of NPLs because you are being
more conservative or we are delaying recognition of recovery over a period of
time.
And that's the bigger driver. Yes, because the stock of our overall book is so
large, you are seeing the impact of that in this quarter to be quite large. We do
believe that the economic impact over a period of time will be almost will
become minimal. And yes, so hopefully from here on, it will start to come down.
Vishwanath Nair: Just a follow-up to this. So, would you say that this is a one-off then?
Amitabh Chaudhry: Let Puneet finish, then why don't you ask a follow-up, if you don't mind.
Vishwanath Nair: Sure.
Amitabh Chaudhry: Let Puneet finish.

Puneet Sharma: Thanks, Amitabh. I think broadly the way you have to think about whenever a
policy changes, there is a re-correction of stock and then there is the true flow.
What you've seen in the current quarter is a re-correction of the full stock
because we don't apply policy changes prospectively, we apply it to the full
book as of a given date.
So the reason the number is large in Q1FY26 is the full book has gotten
reassessed on that criteria, consequently large. Now that the stock has flowed
through Q1 to the point Amitabh was making earlier, the flow should be more
moderate than what you've seen in the current quarter.
Vishwanath Nair: So, it's safe to say that this is a one-off then, the spike in slippages?
Puneet Sharma: So, it is safe to say that -- so I'd like to confirm two or three things. One, having
benchmarked our policies, we do not expect to make any further changes of
this nature on a go-forward basis because we think we are at the most prudent
end of the street today. So, this is probably the end, not just probably actually
the end of policy corrections at Axis Bank unless regulation changes today. So
that's one confirmation we are happy to offer.
Second is, the impact will play through the full year, but the stock correction is
Q1. So yes, it's fair to assume that the impact will be more muted in the
subsequent quarters.
Vishwanath Nair: All right. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Mayur Shetty from Times of India. Please
go ahead.
Mayur Shetty: Yes, sorry. My question was also on this, the technical impact. I just wanted to
know if I understood it correctly. The slide says that the total impact was INR
614 crores. So, the profit is down by INR 614 crores because the bank has
changed its asset classification and income recognition norms. Is that correct?
Would it be correct to say that?
Puneet Sharma: Yes, that's correct. So I guess you are referring to Slide 44 of the investor
presentation. INR614 crores is nothing, but 75% of INR 821 crores, which is
the provision we have made because of higher recognition that was done due
to change in norms. So INR 821 crores is the provisions and contingencies
impact. Post-tax impact is INR614 crores.
So, yes, one way to read the number is the reported PAT plus INR 614 crores
of PAT would have been apples-to-apples to same quarter last year.

Mayur Shetty: And with this new policy, are you all compliant with the ECL norms? Should
they be implemented?
Puneet Sharma: The new policy would -- effectively the policy has nothing to do with ECL norms.
The ECL norms are provision-led. Our provisioning policy was always more
conservative than required by regulation and more conservative relative to our
peer banks. So yes, basis is PCR today. We do not believe that there will be a
stage 3 impact on ECL transition to our network, i.e., we are adequately
provided for stage 3 assets.
Mayur Shetty: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Gopika from Mint. Please go ahead.
Gopika: Hi, just one more question on this technical impact. If I missed, what triggered
this change in the policy?
Puneet Sharma: Gopika, thank you for the question. As a bank, we undertake a benchmarking
exercise to market best practices annually. This exercise we do internally
between the months of February and March. When we did this exercise, for
the non-DPD-based parameters, we did find an odd bank that was following
criteria that were more stringent than us, and that benchmarking led to the
change that we have made.
If you go back in our history, you would have seen similar changes made to
the CBG provisioning policy, similar changes being made to our 100%
provision on unsecured retail assets policy change. So it's a continuous
process to get better over a period of time, and that's what yielded this change
currently.
Gopika: Okay. This is not because of any concerns regarding your retail portfolio…
Amitabh Chaudhry: Sorry to interrupt the question. By the way, we had stated that we are changing
our policy in the last call, so it's not that this is some sudden thing which we
did. I think when we did the last call, we did say that we are making a change
and you will see an impact come through our results.
But anyway, yes. No, there was nothing which we are seeing in the portfolio or
something in the economy which is making us conservative. It was a planned
thing which we do every year. I think now we have become the most, as Puneet
used the word, the most prudent bank in terms of provisioning policies across
the spectrum, and hopefully we have done with it.

Gopika: And one quick question on margins. Of course, how do you see the impact of
margins? Because the funds have come down, but how do you see margins
panning out in the next quarter, in the coming quarter?
Puneet Sharma: So, thank you for the question again. I would request that we look at margins
on a through-cycle basis rather than a sequential quarter basis, and I'll answer
your sequential quarter question. Our balance sheet is reasonably tightly
matched on duration.
Therefore, over the duration of our assets and liabilities, which is roughly in the
15-to-18-month range, asset re-pricing and liability re-pricing should level off.
Therefore, we retain our confidence that on a through-cycle basis, we will stay
at the 3.80 NIM that we have previously alluded to. For the next quarter, the
RBI has cut rates by 100 basis points.
25 basis points of that have been fully passed through in the current quarter
for the full quarter. The remaining 75 basis points have been passed through
for part of the quarter. So, the way you have to think about it is the full 75 basis
points will get passed through the next quarter. That's how, directionally
margins will go.
Gopika: Okay. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Hamsini from Moneycontrol. Please go
ahead.
Hamsini: Hi. A couple of things I'd like to understand. So, this technical aspect that we
just covered right now, has it been only for retail assets or across the business
classes? And as a continuation to this aspect, is the RBI inspection still
ongoing? Would it have any bearing to the inspection as well?
Puneet Sharma: I will not comment on inspection, but I will give you a confirmation that this is
not an RBI-triggered change. This is a change that we have triggered on our
own.
Hamsini: And the second question I'd like to ask is, we have seen a protracted phase of
high slippages from particularly the retail segment. Has it been difficult for the
bank to sort of really pinpoint as to when the pain in the retail space is going to
come to a near-tapering level? Have you assessed the situation well there?
How long should investors expect that retail will be a pain point for Axis Bank,
as well as for the banking industry as a whole?

Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the question. I think I missed answering the question earlier, or
part of your question earlier, which was whether this is just retail or across the
portfolio. The implementation is across the portfolio.
But please appreciate that the larger corporate customers are able to work
through some of these changes sooner than the retail customers. So that's the
reason why we clearly called out that the impact on the CBG and the WBCG
segment has been minimal.
To your second question on asset quality trends, We have called out the fact
that credit cards is stabilizing for us. We have called out the fact that on
personal loans, post-credit corrections that were undertaken, early rates on the
new portfolio are encouraging, i.e. delinquency lower than previously
underwritten portfolio.
This personal loan portfolio should vintage by end of H1, which is another
quarter. And if the rates continue to be the way we are currently seeing it, we
have called out the fact that early rates are good, so you'll clearly get a
directional input basis vintaging of the book.
On secured, we have had no problem on retail or – and segmentally on
wholesale CBG, we are not seeing any emerging risk. That should give you a
full flavour of how we are seeing the colour of our book.
Hamsini: Thank you so much. If I can squeeze in one more question. On margins, you
had given a guidance of about 3.8% being a sustainable number. I know QOQ
is not the right way to look at it, but in a decreasing interest rate scenario, would
you be looking at tweaking the product mix or doing something a little different
with your retail – I mean, with your assets right now in order to ensure that
3.8% is maintained? I'm just curious to understand how you would look at this
number?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the question. I think it's important that I put that question in
perspective. 3.8% was on a through-cycle basis, so effectively the way I would
request you to think about a cycle is equate a cycle to the duration of our assets
and liabilities.
As previously called out, roughly it's in the 15-month, 18-month range. So if
you take the last rate cut and measure 15 months to 18 months thereafter, you
should see us being able to get back to the 3.80% that we have alluded to
previously. So, on a through-cycle basis, we will get to the 2% to 3.80% name

that we have. We have never said 3.80% will hold through for every single
reporting quarter.
As responded to a question posed earlier, we reported a 3.80% net interest
margin for the current quarter. The current quarter has for the full quarter
impact of 25 basis points and part of the quarter impact for 75 basis points.
This 75-basis points rate cut impact will fully play through in the next quarter.
That's directionally how you should be thinking about our margins. Thank you.
Hamsini: Thank you so much.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Harshita Swaminathan from Bloomberg
News. Please go ahead.
Harshita Swaminathan: Hi. Good evening. My question on NIM was mostly answered, but I did want
to ask about the technical changes that you mentioned. Out of your loan book
sector-wise, did you see that the impact of those technical changes was more
in one particular part of the loan book or was it more evenly distributed?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the question. Like we said that, we can't call this out sectorally,
because the change has impacted the retail segment more. And within the
retail segment, the product that has got impacted by the change is the cash
credit overdraft product.
That’s ...so it's a product-specific impact rather than a sector or a segment-
specific impact. One-time settlements are across all products, all segments.
So the combination of the two is what has manifested in the current quarter.
Harshita Swaminathan: All right. Thank you so much.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you.
Moderator: We will be able to take one last question. The last question is from Varun
Dubey from ET Now. Please go ahead.
Varun Dubey: Sir, my question on NIM has been answered, but I just wanted to understand
one more thing because in last quarter the company has said that the company
had 18-basis-point cushion over the through-cycle margin. When the NIMs
were 3.98%, it has come down to 3.8% now. So, what is the cushion that the
company has? Can you tell me?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for your question. I think let me probably articulate the way we think
about margins. We think about margins on a through-cycle basis. We do not
think of margins on a sequential quarter basis.

The cycle should be measured broadly in terms of the duration of our assets
and liabilities. And if you put them in the 15-month, 18-month range, over the
period of 15 months to 18 months, then the rate cycle shows you a drop, you
will first see a drop in margins and then a recoupment of margins.
So, what we have consistently maintained and what we continue to maintain
today is the quality of the franchise that we have built will allow us to deliver
3.80% on a through-cycle basis with an early drop because assets get re-
priced faster than liabilities and then a recoupment at the end of the cycle. So
think about it as it inverted C, that's how margin trajectory should behave.
Varun Dubey: Okay, Sir, and I have missed, I think, Sir, your answer on the PL portfolio, I
mean the personal loan portfolio, because it was expected to show some
improvement in the next two to three quarters. So, are there any initial signs of
improvement?
Management: Yes. Thanks, Varun, for the question. Yes. We have clearly seen some signs
of change in the portfolio there. I think Puneet mentioned it earlier. All the key
indicators that we have seen, whether its bounce rates, early delinquencies,
resolution rates, we have seen an improvement. I think that provides us
comfort and all are within the risk guardrails. I think he also mentioned the fact
that we would still like to monitor these for a quarter before we are calling out
normalization or stabilization, but clear signs of improvement.
Varun Dubey: Okay. Thank you, Sir.
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will take that as the last question. I would now like
to hand the conference over to Mr. Puneet Sharma for closing comments.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you, Rayo. Thank you, everyone, for taking the time to speak with us
this evening. If there are any questions that have remained unanswered,
please feel free to reach out to our Corp. Comm team. We will try and get back
to you as soon as possible. Have a good evening, everyone. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you very much. On behalf of Axis Bank, that concludes the conference.
Thank you for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your
lines.