Axis Bank’s Q2 FY26 Media Conference Call
15th October 2025
MANAGEMENT:
MR. AMITABH CHAUDHRY – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO, AXIS BANK LIMITED
MR. PUNEET SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, AXIS BANK LIMITED
MR. SUBRAT MOHANTY – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AXIS BANK LIMITED
MR. MUNISH SHARDA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, AXIS BANK LIMITED
MR. NEERAJ GAMBHIR – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR DESIGNATE, AXIS BANK LIMITED

Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Axis Bank
Conference Call to discuss the Bank's financial results for the quarter
and year ended as on 30th September 2025.
Participation in the conference call is by invitation only. Axis Bank
reserves the right to block access to any person to whom an invitation
has not been sent. Unauthorized dissemination of the contents, or the
proceedings of the call is strictly prohibited, and prior explicit permission
and written approval of Axis Bank is imperative.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the lesson-only mode.
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of the
briefing session. Should you need assistance during the conference
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
On behalf of Axis Bank, I once again welcome all the participants to the
conference call. On the call we have Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry – MD and
CEO, and Mr. Puneet Sharma – CFO.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry – MD and
CEO. Thank you, and over to you, Sir.
Amitabh Chaudhry: Thank you, Dorwin. Apart from Puneet, we have on the call, Subrat
Mohanty – ED, Munish Sharda – ED, Neeraj Gambhir – ED Designate,
and other members of the leadership team.
This quarter, we have delivered a strong growth in advances and
deposits, gaining market share in both. We have had a steady operating
performance aided by stable net interest income, healthy fee income
growth and positive operating jaws. Notably, our credit card business
crossed 15 million Cards in force and our UPI market share rose to 35%
plus in terms of both value and volume, reinforcing our leadership as
the top UPI payee. Our balance sheet remains resilient, and our capital
position continues to be strong, enabling us to pursue profitable and
sustainable growth.

Let me summarize the Q2 performance.
1. On the deposit side, month-end balances grew 4% QOQ and
11% YOY, and quarterly average balances grew 3% QOQ and
10% YOY.
2. On the lending side, total advances grew 5% QOQ and 12%
YOY. Within that, small business SME and mid-corporate
together grew at 8% QOQ and 20% YOY, and constituted 24%
of total bank loans.
3. Core operating revenue was up 4% YOY, and the core operating
profit was up 3% YOY.
4. Our fee to average assets continues to be the best amongst the
peer private banks.
5. The Bank remains well capitalized with a CET1 ratio of 14.43%.
As we have stated in the past, we remain focused on three core areas
of execution of our GPA strategy namely:
• Becoming a resilient all-weather franchise
• Creating multiplicative forces to build competitive
advantage
• Building for the future
I will now discuss each one of these areas.
A. Becoming a resilient, all-weather franchise
We have continued on our journey towards building a resilient all-
weather franchise. There are four areas of focus as we navigate the
current cycle; deposit growth, credit growth, retail asset quality and cost
where we continue to work on sustainable outcomes.
• On credit, we delivered better growth outcome in second
quarter, driven by wholesale banking, where we prioritize clients
and segments which could drive deeper relationship economics.
With faster tax, execution intensity and One Axis orchestration,
we continue to remain the port-of-call for complex mandates. On

Retail Banking, we have started seeing gradual uptick both in
the secured and unsecured segments with maintaining focus on
sourcing better quality customers.
• On asset quality, our corporate SME and retail secured book are
holding up well, and the retail unsecured book is broadly seeing
improvement and stabilisation –specifically we have seen
improvement in Cards and stabilisation in Personal Loans. All
the key indicators – bounce rates, early delinquency, collection
resolution rates – have shown an improvement, which provides
us comfort.
• On a H1FY26 basis, the expenses increased by 3% YOY, and
we continue to deliver positive operating jaws.
Let me move to Deposits now.
The deposit journey for Axis Bank should be looked at from three
aspects – quality, cost and growth. Please refer to Slide #17.
• We have demonstrated controlled movement in cost of
funds over the last two years. Our confidence in the
franchise has allowed us to take early and proactive action
on savings account rates and term deposits in Q1, which has
resulted in a further QOQ decline of 24 basis points in the
cost of funds in Q2.
• We continue to remain focused on growing faster than the
industry in medium to long term. In Q2, we have gained
further market share.
o YOY on MEB | QAB basis, total deposits grew 11% |
10%; term deposits grew 12% | 13%; CA grew 13% | 7%;
SA grew 6% | 4%, respectively.
o QOQ on MEB | QAB basis, total deposits grew 4% | 3%;
term deposits grew 4% | 4%; CA grew (1)% | 2%; SA
grew 4% | 3%, respectively.
• The strength of our deposit franchise continues to improve.
Our acquisition engine, expansion plans, product launches,
salary credits and Burgundy AUMs remain healthy.

• The Bank has made focused interventions to ensure
better engagements with the salaried customers and
continues to see healthy trends with:
• 14% YOY growth in salary Uploads in the NTB salary
book by Sept’25.
• 35% YOY growth in number of Premium accounts for
NTB salary book acquired in YTD Sept’25.
✓ The premiumization of our franchise continues to
progress well, led by 2% QOQ and 5% YOY growth
in Burgundy assets under management. Recently,
Burgundy Private was named Best Private Bank for
High Net Worth Individuals(HNWIs) India at The
Asset AAA Private Capital Awards 2025, among
several other prestige accolades - an affirmation of
our commitment to excellence in client service and
wealth management.
• Our industry leading Neo platforms along with customized
solutions across liquidity management, payments and
collections continues to drive higher transaction banking flows
with compressing TATs and deepening stickiness through
ecosystem flows. Please refer to Slide #31 for more details.
B. Creating multiplicative forces to build competitive advantage
• Continuing the focus on product innovation and digital
empowerment, we have launched two industry-first solutions that
redefine customer safety and financial access. First, ‘Lock FD’, a
pioneering feature that empowers customers to block premature
withdrawals of fixed deposits by digital channels. And second,
India's first gold-backed credit line on UPI with Gold Loans’ for
MSMEs and self-employed entrepreneurs in collaboration with
Freecharge.
• Axis Bank continued to garner industry-wide recognition for its
leadership, innovation and impact. Our commitment to social
responsibility was honored with the prestigious FICCI CSR Award

2023-24, while our people practices earned the top accolades,
including the Business World, HR Excellence Award and the
Brandon Hall Excellence Award. Further, our digital-first approach
was validated with the SKOCH Award 2025 for our pioneering
contactless strategy in bounce collection.
C. Building for the future
Digital Banking performance continues to remain strong
• We continue to introduce new journeys and enhancements. In Q2,
we launched and scaled the Financial Health Score to all our
customers. The financial health score provides a view to customers
on how they are doing across various parameters of financial
health. Additionally, we have revamped the Mutual Funds
experience for customers and introduced new features to enhance
customer safety.
• Also, we continued to rollout and further enhance the features
on the Neo platform on the corporate banking side. By the end
of Q2, we migrated approximately 95% of eligible clients to the
Neo platform.
Bank-wide programs to build distinctiveness through Bharat
Banking and Sparsh is progressing well.
• The rural advances grew 2% YOY, while deposits from a Bharat
Banking branches grew 10% YOY. We have expanded our
multi-product distribution architecture to 2,740 branches now.
• Building on the strong Q1 momentum, Sparsh 2.0 continues to
drive our enterprise-wide transformation around Customer
Obsession. It is changing how we listen, how we act and how
we deliver, turning insights into action and action into impact.
Our Retail Bank NPS has improved by 55 points since inception,
reflecting steady progress in experience quality and customer
trust across key journeys.
• At the recent GFS 2025, Axis Bank demonstrated its
commitment to driving digital innovation by actively participating

in nearly 15 major product launches. These include notable
launches for UPI like UPI Reserve Pay, UPI HELP, UPI for joint
and business accounts, UPI Biometric authorization, Retail Fx
platform and many others. Furthermore, we are proud to have
been part of the pioneering launch of Agentic AI Payments using
UPI, reflecting our focus on leveraging cutting-edge technology
to shape the future of banking in India.
As we look back, the first half of the fiscal year unfolded amidst a
dynamic macroeconomic backdrop. While tariff-related developments
presented headwinds, the policy rate cuts, a favourable monsoon, GST
rate reductions and improving liquidity conditions are poised to serve as
strong tailwind as we enter the second half. These factors, combined
with a series of progressive RBI policy interventions aimed at
strengthening the financial ecosystem, set the stage for an acceleration
in credit growth. With a resilient balance sheet, a sharp execution focus,
and a clear strategic direction, we remain confident and optimistic about
the opportunities that lie ahead. We will continue to invest where
necessary to remain differentiated and distinctive in our journey towards
building an ‘all-weather institution’.
I will now request Puneet to take over.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you, Amitabh. Good evening, everybody. The salient features of
our financial performance for Q2FY26 are as follows.
1. We gained market share across deposits and advances, both
growing at 11% and 12% YOY, respectively.
2. Our H1FY26 core operating profit was Rs. 20,010 crores, up 4%
YOY. This was aided by stable NII, fee growth and positive
operating jaws.
3. Steady operating performance aided by stable NII and robust
fee income. Our NII was up 1% QOQ and 2% YOY.
4. Our net interest margin stood at 3.73% for the quarter,
annualized. Fee income grew 5% QOQ and 10% YOY. Granular
fee constituted 91% of the overall fee. Retail fees for us grew at
10% YOY.

5. Our H1FY26 cost-to-assets stood at 2.38%. It declined by 14
basis points YOY, aiding us to deliver positive jaws.
6. Our MEB QAB CASA ratio stood at 40% and 38%, respectively.
Our average LCR outflow rates stood at 27.2%.
7. Our advances grew 12% YOY and 5% QOQ. Bank’s focus
segments grew 12% YOY and 5% QOQ.
8. Our small business banking plus SME plus mid-corporate book
stood at Rs. 2,658 billion, 24% of total loans. Grew 20% YOY,
and is up 738 basis points over the last four years.
9. YOY and QAB balances for SME loans were up by 19% and 9%
QOQ. Corporate loans was up 20% and 11%, of which mid-
corporate was up 28% and 8%.
10. Retail loans grew 6% YOY, of which small business banking
grew 14% YOY and 5% QOQ. Our retail loans grew 2% on a
YOY basis.
11. We remain well capitalized with adequate liquidity buffers.
Overall capital adequacy ratio stood at 16.55%. Our CET ratio
stood at 14.43%, up 31 basis points YOY.
12. Capital cushion of 44 basis points over reported CAR
attributable to other provisions of Rs. 5,012 crores and
additional one-time standard asset provision of Rs. 1,231
crores.
13. Our excess SLR was Rs. 101,012 crores. Our average LCR
during Q2FY26 was 119%.
We continue to maintain a strong position in the payments and
digital banking space.
1. Continue to maintain a market-leading position in the UPI PSP
space with a market share of 37%, and maintaining the lowest
technical declines amongst the top 50 UPI remitter members.
2. Continue to be amongst the largest players in merchant
acquisition with a terminal market share of approximately
20.6%.

3. We acquired 1 million Cards in Q2FY26 and achieved the key
milestone of crossing 15 million Cards in force with a market
share of 14%.
4. The Axis mobile banking app remains strong amongst the
world's top-rated mobile banking app on Google Play Store and
iOS App Store with a rating of 4.7 and 4.8, respectively, with 15
million active monthly users.
5. Stable asset quality. Our GNPA at 1.46% was down 11 basis
points QOQ and 2 basis points YOY. Our net NPA at 0.44% or
44 basis points was down 1 basis point QOQ.
6. Our provision cover ratio is healthy at 70%.
7. On an aggregated basis, our coverage ratio is 147%. Coverage
ratio basically means all provisions by GNPA.
8. Gross slippage ratio at 2.11% is down by 102 basis points QOQ.
Our net slippage ratio at 1.05% is down 128 basis points QOQ.
Our retail asset quality is stabilizing.
• Retail business net slippages and net credit costs are lower than
what we reported in Q2 FY25.
• Net credit cost is 0.73%, down 65 basis points QOQ.
Our domestic subsidiaries delivered steady performance:
H1FY26 total profit at Rs. 936 crores with a return on investment in
domestic subsidiaries of 49%.
• Axis Finance:
o H1 PAT grew 18% YOY to Rs. 385 crores.
o Asset quality metrics remained stable with net NPA at 0.42%.
• Axis AMC:
o H1FY26 PAT grew 11% YOY to Rs. 271 crores.
• Axis Securities:
o Customer base grew 15% YOY and the H1FY26 PAT stood at
Rs. 175 crores.
• Axis Capital:
o H1FY26 PAT stood at Rs. 93 crores.

o We executed 9 ECM deals and 6 non-ECM deals in Q2FY26.
Let me cover a question that I anticipate on the call up front which
is the standard asset provision.
1. Following an RBI advisory post its FY25 annual inspection, the
Bank in Q2FY26 made an additional one-time standard asset
provision of Rs. 1,231 crores for two discontinued crop loan
variants.
2. The customer terms remain unchanged on the underlying loans.
3. This standard asset provision will be written back to P&L when
all outstanding loans in the two discontinued variants are
recovered or closed in the normal course or by 31st March,
subject to us closing all outstanding loans in these product
variants, whichever date comes earlier.
4. There is no divergence in asset quality or NPA provisioning that
was identified in the said annual inspection. I repeat, no
divergence in asset quality or NPA provision was identified in
the said annual inspection.
5. The additional one-time standard asset provision exceeds 7.5x
FY25 and 13 times the three-year average P&L charge of credit
cost for both products.
6. These loans are fully secured.
7. We are not expecting any significant increase in credit cost from
previous years in the two discontinued loan variants over the
residual closure or recovery period.
8. There is no requirement or obligation to top up this provision in
subsequent quarters. Hence, this is a static amount that will
finally be written back into the P&L.
9. The impact of the one-time standard asset provision on ROA
and ROE is 23 basis points and 196 basis points, respectively.
Thank you for your patience. We would be very happy to take your
questions.

Moderator: Thank you very much. We would now begin the question-and-answer
session. Our first question comes from the line of Saloni Shukla from
The Economic Times. Please go ahead.
Saloni Shukla: Hi. Just one clarification on the one-time standard asset provision. So,
this advisory was to the entire banking system or only to Axis Bank?
Puneet Sharma: Saloni, thank you for the question. We would not be able to comment
on whether advisories are to the Banking system or otherwise. But to
the best of our understanding, because this was consequent to the
annual inspection, we treat this as specific to Axis Bank.
Saloni Shukla: Can you give some more color on what was the concern regarding the
RBI had that you had to take this standard asset provision? Was the
account not performing well or what exactly are these loan variants that
we are talking about?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the question. Let me try and explain this as lucidly as I
possibly can. The Bank had been offering one of these product variants
from 2015 and the other from 2021. These were loans given to farmers
and classified as priority sector lending loans. The Bank has
discontinued these two loan products. For these loans, the Bank had
taken a position that customer terms should not be changed to the
detriment of the customer having issue on discontinuance of the loan
products. Hence, the existing stock of loans depending on the verified
end-use of these customers will get classified into agricultural use,
consumption use or will be closed on review or renewal date.
The Bank has been asked to maintain the standard asset provision on
this stock of loans without changing customer terms till they get fully
recovered or repaid. These loans have also been declassified entirely
from our PSL computation and the Bank has purchased PSLCs in the
current quarter to make good the declassification effect.
The provision of Rs. 1,231 crores translates to roughly about 5% of the
underlying loan portfolio on a holistic basis. These loans are fully
secured. We are not expecting any significant increase in credit costs

from previous years for the two discontinued loan products. And the
standard asset provision will get written back upon closure of these
loans on 31st March, 2028, whichever date comes earlier.
So, in a sense, this is a stock of loans where we will re-characterize
end-use. And once we finish the re-characterization, we will be able to
write-back this provision into our P&L.
Amitabh Chaudhry: Saloni, just to add to what Puneet said. If our credit quality on these
loans does not deteriorate further, which we do not expect to happen,
we are taking a provision in this quarter which will be written back
because of the static provision in the March 31st, 2028, quarter. That is
the essence of what is happening here. We are providing now, this
provision will be reversed in that particular quarter. Obviously, we will
monitor it very closely, RBI wants us to monitor it closely. But we have
given you data points which very clearly indicate that right now what we
are seeing in the portfolio is no deterioration and we do not expect any
deterioration or significant deterioration in this portfolio going forward
either. I hope it clarifies.
Saloni Shukla: Yes. Sir, Axis Bank was one of the banks which was very conservative
on PL and Credit Cards. This quarter has been really strong growth. So,
would it be fair to assume that the asset quality worries on these
segments have now receded completely?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the question. Retail asset quality is stabilizing. For retail
businesses, the net slippages and net credit costs were lower than what
we reported in Q2FY25, which is four quarters ago. Further, gross
slippages for all retail assets excluding technical impact has declined
YOY, showing that the portfolio slippages are stabilizing. With the
comfort that the portfolio is stabilizing, we increased card issuances to
over 1 million Cards in a quarter and grew our retail disbursements by
17% QOQ.
As you would recall, we had said that we were reviewing our
scorecards. Early asset quality performance on the products showed
decent trends. We had said we will provide an update as of 30th

September. So, the portfolio is stabilized and we are getting some
growth back in the two product variants.
Saloni Shukla: Okay, thanks.
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ritu Singh from
CNBC. Please go ahead.
Ritu Singh: Hi, you have answered a bit on this one-time provision, but to just get
back to that technical impact. In the last quarter, Puneet, I remember
on record you had said that going ahead the impact is going to be
minimal. In this quarter, compared to about Rs. 2,700 crores in the
previous quarter, we have again seen a slippage of Rs. 1,500 crores.
Could you give us a sense of when you expect this to be fully
normalized, the impact to be fully absorbed? One.
The second question was around your NIMs, despite this being a
relatively harder quarter for all banks on account of the rate cut. We
have seen you have sort of steadied the NIMs, but not much of a decline
from the previous quarter. Now, what led to this? And if you could give
us an outlook as to whether you will be able to retain this kind of a
trajectory? Thank you.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the question. Yes, I had indicated that you would see
improvement in the technical impact. But just for completeness and
recall, I had requested everyone to focus on the net slippages and the
net credit cost because it's a running account. So, compared to the net
slippage of Rs. 1,861 crores last quarter, we have had a net slippage of
only Rs. 280 crores in the current quarter. And compared to a provision
of Rs. 821 crores, we have a provision impact of Rs. 256 crores in the
current quarter.
The way these accounts behave is Rs. 1,861 crores was collectible
stock for me as I started Q2. So, I collected money from that collectible
stock that is reflected in the recoveries and upgrades during the quarter.
And if you do the math, 1,512 minus 280, that's roughly about Rs. 1,200
crores of recoveries and upgrades that have taken place in the current

quarter. 60% of those have come from the Q1 stock, and the pool has
a self-correct ratio of 35%.
So, as this pool moves forward, directionally, you should see value of
gross slippage on technical impact continue to tend downwards. And if
recovery and upgrade performance holds, the net slippages should
perform better as we move forward. That was the trajectory and
explanation we provided. Slide 44 of our investor presentation has the
details, both at the headline level and at a product segment level. And I
think the quarter has played broadly in line with what we had previously
indicated.
Coming to margin performance, yes, we have delivered a strong
defense to margin decline. We had indicated last quarter that we had to
still transmit close to 75 basis points on a full quarter basis of yield
compression. Our advances yield has compressed about 35 basis
points in the current quarter on the full book, but that was offset by
strong deposit repricing. So, we got 824 basis points benefit on COF.
So, that delta differential has helped us protect margins. So, the
margins have purely come from operating reasons. There is no one-off
or exceptional item in the margins.
Ritu Singh: The future trajectory of these margins, if this will continue, you will
continue to have these levels?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for that. We do not guide. But I think what we have previously
indicated is, if there is no further rate cut that takes place, we have
consistently been saying from the time rate cut started, for our
franchise, we should see margins bottom up out in Q3. But please do
note that this is subject to no incremental rate cuts. If rate cuts happen,
then we have a reset to the quantity of rate cut from a margin pressure
perspective.
Ritu Singh: Just a quick one, if I may add in. From the series of regulatory reforms
that the RBI has announced, whether that is easier capital market
financing or acquisition financing, what are the areas in which you think

Axis Bank would benefit most and where you could get some more
market share?
Puneet Sharma: I will request Amitabh to comment on where we benefit as a franchise.
But broadly, our comment on the policy changes announced by RBI, as
we have reviewed them, are holistically possible, positive for the
banking system and for us. We are currently assessing the impact or
reviewing the draft guidelines. It's too early for us to offer an impact
analysis on the changes announced because the changes are far-
reaching. But generally, the headline message would be positive for
industry, positive for us.
Amitabh Chaudhry: So, Puneet has covered it quite well. I mean, right now we are still
awaiting, in many cases, draft circulars themselves to fully understand
and appreciate what the operating model and the guidelines would be
for each of those large-scale reforms which RBI Governor has talked
about. But as Puneet rightly pointed out, I mean, the thrust of all of them
seems to be to kind of continue to allow banks to do more than what
they are doing today. And we are very hopeful that we have a platform
which can capitalize on those opportunities.
I think I recently mentioned that acquisition finance is one such area.
But again, we have to wait for the operating guidelines before we react.
So, as and when they are issued and as and when they formally
become new guidelines, hopefully, we will be ready to capitalize on all
those opportunities over a period of time. So, we are looking forward to
further clarifications. Thank you.
Ritu Singh: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Subrata Panda
from Business Standard. Please go ahead.
Subrata Panda: Hi. My question was, again, what Ritu asked based on the guidelines
that RBI has come up with, on the proposed norms RBI has come up
with on acquisition financing and how do you want to go about that?
And also, what is the status on stake sale for Axis Finance? And in light

of what the Governor had said in the Monetary Policy statement. Also,
I want to add one thing. I mean, you, I think Amitabh mentioned that
although rate cuts, GST rate reductions and improving liquidity
conditions will help in credit growth, I just want to get a sense as to what
kind of credit demand you are seeing in the festive season and what
has been the positive impact of GST. If you can throw some light on
that as well.
Amitabh Chaudhry: So, let me answer the latter half of the question first. As I said in my
opening remarks, we firstly are very positive looking to not only the GST
rate cut announcement but also the CRR cut which will flow through the
banking system over the next couple of quarters. It is too early to
comment in the sense that some of these cuts have become applicable
only recently. But yes, we are seeing some positive signs. Again, as I
said, the cuts have happened only 20, 25 days back and it will be foolish
on our part to jump to conclusions straight away. But at least on the
retail disbursement side, we are seeing some positive uptick. On the
wholesale side, we have demonstrated pretty good growth anyway.
Has the industry started suddenly borrowing more? No. I think they will
do it in a measured and calibrated way. So, we have to wait for a little
bit more time before we can firmly conclude that this is having a positive
impact on the overall growth in banks, advances and deposits.
On Axis Finance, we are going through a process. Yes, one of the
things which have been talked about by the RBI Governor is that they
are going to give some leeway to banks in terms of forms of business,
a draft circular which was issued earlier. Again, we are awaiting the
details of what RBI has in mind. But at the same time, please be aware
of the fact that Axis Finance is growing quite well. It has its capital
requirements and we do need to ensure as the owner of Axis Finance
that they get capital at the right time.
So, we will continue to evaluate our options and do the right thing for
Axis Finance. Hopefully, forms of business sector is not very far away
and that will give us a clear direction in terms of what leeway and
flexibility we have. Also, Axis Finance will become an upper layer NBFC

very soon, given the size of the AUMs they already have. And that will
also mean that we get onto this path of ultimately having to list it at some
stage in the future. So, there are quite a few factors at play and
obviously we are taking all of them into account as we evaluate raising
money in Axis Finance. The process is still on. Have we completed all
your questions?
Subrata Panda: On the acquisition financing part, are there areas that you are
particularly looking at?
Amitabh Chaudhry: Our genesis of that saying that it is positive for us is that we have been
the leading player in the syndication, both debt and loan side for the
longest period of time. Now, as Indian banks are allowed to do
acquisition financing, it plays to our strength in terms of our relationships
with various corporates and business houses, our ability to syndicate,
our ability to raise equity also at the same time. Obviously, it depends
on the opening guidelines which come into play, but obviously it will be
something which we will be looking at quite actively as we move
forward. That is where our optimism is coming from. Though it all
depends on what the final set of guidelines will look like.
Subrata Panda: Thank you so much, Sir. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ashish Agashe from
PTI. Please go ahead.
Ashish Agashe: Thank you so much, Sir. I hope I am audible. You mentioned about the
Rs. 1,231 crores provision, you said that it is 5% of the entire exposure
of the two discontinued products. Sir, just a small question, where does
the 5% decision come from? Was that also part of the advisory that
provides so much? Or was it a call taken by the Bank, because this is
standard assets ultimately?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the question. The 5% is a translation of the amount on
the denominator. The advisory was for an absolute amount. So, we got
an advisory of Rs. 1,231 crores. So, the advisory is for the absolute
amount. When I translate Rs. 1,231 crores by the outstanding portfolio

as of 30th September, that translates to approximately 5% of portfolio
value.
Ashish Agashe: Okay, Sir. And one more thing, Sir, what is leading to the degrowth on
the home loans front, like a 1% decline? Is it some bit of caution from
the Bank on that, Sir?
Munish Sharda: So, our home loan book is made up of three components. One is the
prime home loan book, one is the affordable housing book, and third is
part of the mortgage book is the LAP book. If you look at our LAP book,
it is growing at 22%. Essentially, as we have been saying that in the
past few quarters we were seeing either stabilization of disbursals in
this book, as a result of which the runoffs were faster than the additional
disbursals in the book and that is why the book growth was muted. In
the last quarter, as Amitabh and Puneet just mentioned, we started
seeing the growth coming back in the home loan segment. And also,
we are looking to grow our affordable housing book profitably and at a
higher rate. As the disbursals catch up in the next couple of quarters,
the book growth will start to set in.
Ashish Agashe: So, you are basically saying that this is sort of past payments really
happening and fresh disbursements not keeping pace, basically?
Munish Sharda: In the past. And the fresh disbursements have now started to pick up.
If we take you back a couple of quarters, we have been saying that even
in this tight liquidity environment we have been actually calibrating our
disbursals depending on the type of the asset which is giving us the
right level of ROC. And home loan at that point in time looked a bit lower
in the ROC hierarchy. Disbursals were a bit muted. We are seeing the
disbursals come back. The competition has become a bit more rational
in this space. And as the disbursals start growing over the next few
quarters, the growth will start coming back in that book.
Ashish Agashe: Thank you so much.
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Piyush Shukla
from The Hindu Business Line. Please go ahead.

Piyush Shukla: Hi. I wanted to ask, firstly, these two crop loan variants you are talking
about, what type of loans were these, like KCC or tractor finance?
Exactly what kind of these variants were? This is one clarification I
wanted. And my questions are, one is on the other operating expenses
which have risen to Rs. 6,839 crores from Rs. 6,040 crores last quarter,
so why this jump? And on ECL, have you estimated the amount of
provision you will have to make basis the draft guideline or you are yet
to do so? Thanks.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you. Let me start with the last question first. The ECL guidelines
are draft, and like I said earlier, we are in the process of assessing the
draft guidelines. We do do pro forma submissions to the regulators
given where our provisioning policies are. We do believe that we are
adequately provided for transition. There will be a marginal impact of
additional provision asks given that ECL is on an exposure basis and
IRAC provisions are on an outstanding basis. So, you need to provide
for exposure under ECL, under IRAC you provide for outstanding. So,
our current best assessment is, there will be a marginal impact that we
will have to undertake if the transition date was as at the end of last
quarter.
I think the second part of your question, if I recollect correctly is, it is
basically- it is farmer lending is how I would classify the two product
variants at. And the farmer lending could be, the farmer could have used
it for any end use as we see it. Sorry, I missed your second question if
you could help me with that, please.
Piyush Shukla: The part on higher other OpEx, Rs. 6,839 crores versus Rs. 6,040 last
quarter, why was this bump?
Puneet Sharma: So broadly, if you look at QOQ OpEx, let us break the QOQ OpEx down
into two parts. As I had indicated earlier that we have declassified the
two product variants from priority sector loans. And consequently, we
went out and purchased priority sector lending certificates in the
quarter. The cost of the priority sector lending certificates in the quarter
for a half year basis, because the PSL is an average requirement since
this purchase happened in the second quarter, we have charged half

year cost in the current quarter. So that is the principle and only reason
for cost increase on a QOQ basis. If I exclude the PSLC cost, our QOQ
cost increase is 2%. So, costs are well contained with the exception of
the PSLC cost incurred on declassification and PSLC purchase.
Piyush Shukla: Okay, thank you. Just marginal impact, will you be able to say, what
would that be? I mean, you are mentioning margin, is there any figure
to that on ECL?
Puneet Sharma: So, we do not publicly quantify what that impact would be. Please read
marginal in the context of net worth, because the opening adjustment
would happen on net worth. I just want to be abundantly clear. Second,
we would like to await the final guidelines because we still want to
assess concepts like minimum provision thresholds, etc. Further, the
color of the portfolio will change by the time implementation happens,
so it will be a dynamic number. So, we have not put out a number in
public domain. But, if I was to give you a directional input, marginal in
the context of our net worth.
Piyush Shukla: Thank you. Thank you, Sir.
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Siddhi Nayak from
Bloomberg. Please go ahead.
Siddhi Nayak: Okay. Sir, I wanted to take the acquisition financing question a bit
further. I understand we do not have the guidelines as such, but I
wanted to understand how are large banks like yours, large local banks
like yours, kind of pitting yourself against the already established foreign
lenders in the acquisition financing space? Like, what is the broad
sense in terms of how would you want to compete with the large foreign
players in this space in terms of both underwriting spreads? If you could
answer that, and then I will take forward my other question.
Neeraj Gambhir: So, this is Neeraj here. As far as acquisition financing is concerned,
domestic banks are already permitted to participate in offshore
acquisition financing. What they were precluded from was the domestic
mergers and acquisitions. Now, again, this is subject to the final

guidelines. Now once they are permitted in domestic M&A market,
fundamentally for a rupee transaction, raising rupee funding is the best
way, because in that process you do not end up taking any currency
risk, right? And as far as rupee financing market is concerned, whether
it is loans or whether it is bonds, Axis Bank has a leading position, we
are the number one bank as far as the lead tables are concerned. So,
it quite naturally fits into what we have been anyways doing. So, I hope
that answers your question.
Siddhi Nayak: So, is it safe to say that domestically banks, especially given their risk
thresholds, etc., would be targeting just AAA and AA corporates in the
domestic M&A space?
Neeraj Gambhir: Well, large corporates, I would not go into what specific ratings. And
yes, I mean, as far as the domestic rupee financing market is
concerned, domestic banks have the largest share, foreign banks have
much smaller share.
Siddhi Nayak: Okay. My second question is on the impact of tariffs. Amitabh Sir said
that in the beginning of his remarks that tariff impact has started to play
out, but that’s kind of offset. What's the kind of impact you saw on the
corporate loan front, on the small loans as well? Has it started feeding
into the credit growth?
Neeraj Gambhir: Yes. As far as tariffs is concerned, I think three or four sectors are the
largest impacted sectors. They are very well known; textiles, gems and
jewellery, electrical parts, and pharma. We are watching for the impact.
So far, not much impact is visible in our portfolio. In some of these
sectors, for example, gems and jewellery, our exposure is virtually very,
very small. But the full effect is yet to play out. And obviously, the market
is hopeful of a trade deal at some point in time in the near future. So,
it's an evolving situation, we will see how this plays out. But, at this point
in time, not much real impact as far as asset quality is concerned.
Siddhi Nayak: Okay, Sir. Thank you.

Moderator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Vishwanath Nair from
NDTV Profit. Please go ahead.
Vishwanath Nair: Hi, a couple of questions, the first one being on the loan growth side of
the story. So, this quarter, clearly, the 20% growth on the corporate loan
book has been one of the boosters. I am trying to understand from you,
because in the past there have been comments about the rationality of
pricing on this book. Are you comfortable with the way the pricing is
happening in the market? And is this going to be a big boost? That's the
first one.
The second one, again, on the technical impact one. Puneet, I get your
point about looking at the net credit cost point of view. But having said
that, the fact that it's still very close to the technical impact on the gross
capital is still close to the Q1 number, that's a bit worrying. So, if you
can give me some understanding on that. Thank you.
Subrat Mohanty: Hi, this is Subrat. On the corporate loan growth, and whether we have
been able to maintain pricing discipline, I think this is something that we
have continued to focus on. We have always maintained that we will
grow when we find the pricing to be to our liking. So, there have been
opportunities in the quarter, and we continue to see those opportunities
going forward as well, where we are able to leverage the relationship
that we have and be able to satisfy our internal pricing grid in order to
be able to grow.
In Q2, there were a few good opportunities that came our way,
something that we had not seen in the past. So, therefore, that particular
number looks a bit inflated. But in general, we find that there is
opportunity in the wholesale segment for us based on strong
relationships that we have got and some of the trends we are seeing in
certain sectors where there is movement from client in terms of making
new investments. So, that's really what happened on the corporate
book, it's come with the kind of pricing discipline that we have always
maintained.

Puneet Sharma: Vishwa, thank you for the question. To aid my response to your
question, I would request you to look at Slide 44 of our investor
presentation. Broadly, let's start with the quantum underlying question
that you raised. So, the technical impact was 1.03% contributed to gross
slippages last quarter, it has actually halved to 0.56%. So, there has
been a meaningful reduction in the gross slippage number itself.
Second, the reason I request that we look at net slippages is the Bank's
reporting practice. So, let me explain this with an example. Since we
are discussing Q2, this is the July to September quarter. So, if at the
end of the July month, I was to slip because of the technical impact, I
would get recorded as gross slippage. Consequently, the customer
upgraded themselves on July. So, on August 1 if the customer
upgraded, the customer would be recorded as recoveries and
upgrades. So, we are not netting off same quarter recoveries from the
gross slippage number.
So, there could be customers that would have purely because of
interest application at month end slipped for the night and gotten
upgraded because they serviced the very next day. Hence, my request
that we should remain focused on the net slippage because that is a
reflection of the performance for the quarter and net slippages is what
drives the provisioning cost. So, I hope that clarifies for you.
One, on an absolute basis, customer behavior has improved, which is
showing in a reduction in the gross slippage number. And the net
slippage number, the impact is even larger. And the reason it flows that
way is because of the month-end reporting problem. I hope that gives
you clarity on why the gross and the net differ in reporting patterns.
Vishwanath Nair: Sure. Thanks.
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Malvika from
Moneycontrol. Please go ahead.
Malvika Sundaresan: So, a week ago, I think around October 10th, the RBI's high-
level committee issued a letter of caution to Axis Bank citing lapses in

KYC norms related to an old account. Last quarter, the Bank also
undertook a cyclical write-off. So, we are seeing two back-to-back
regulatory and operational issues.
So, a few parts to the question, how should investors sort of interpret
this? And there is still no clarity on whether these actions were a result
of direct regulatory intervention or did Axis Bank initiate it as a part of
their own compliance measure? And lastly, what concrete steps are you
taking to strengthen compliance framework going forward?
Amitabh Chaudhry: Thank you for the question. I mean, obviously, compliance is right in
front and center for all of us at Axis Bank, is something which we not
only have to deliver in every transaction, but in how we behave, how we
think, etc. The specific case which you mentioned, where we received
an advisory relates to an account which was opened in East India in
2010 - 11. Let me repeat, 2010-11, and whether the right documentation
was taken at the time of the opening of the account.
It has taken this much time because RBI at that time had looked at that
particular account and given us some instructions. This latest advisory
has come about because one of the constituents has been fighting in
the courts and based on certain court direction, RBI has had to re-look
at the whole process all over again. So, please understand that this is
something which happened 14 years back. But I do not want to discount
it by just saying it happened 14 years back. We have to keep looking at
what do we need to do as an institution to not have any of these issues
ever recur or happen in the future. And we are working very hard as an
organization and so is the board to ensure that it does not happen.
In this particular case which you are referring to, the technical write-off
and some of the other stuff, it happened because of self-detection and
we detected it ourselves. We obviously took corrective action. It led to
a certain amount of provision. As we have already shown in our
numbers, the impact of that in the second quarter has come off quite
sharply and hopefully it will continue to trend down as we move forward.
But I completely agree with you that we have to continue to move
forward. As far as investors are concerned, obviously, we will have a

conversation with them to convince them that some of these items are
one-off and not repeated.
Malvika Sundaresan: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gopika from
Reuters. Please go ahead.
Gopika Gopakumar: Hi. I just wanted to understand what is your credit growth guidance for
this year? I mean, you are saying the new guidelines set the stage for
higher credit growth, so how much of a difference or incremental
change are you expecting? That is one.
And second, you said Axis Finance could soon become an upper layer.
Are you expecting that to happen this financial year?
Subrat Mohanty: Thank you. This is Subrata. On credit growth, we do not offer guidance
on credit growth. In Q1, we had mentioned and reiterated our aspiration
in the medium term to grow about 300 basis points above market. That
is the journey that we are on. So, we continue to try and build the book
in a manner where we are growing a bit faster than the market. That
trend has started from this quarter onwards. So, we will continue to work
very hard to do that. But no short-term guidance on where credit growth
will be during the course of this year.
On Axis Finance, I mean, that is again a future or a forward kind of view
on when can we be upper layer NBFC. Right now the team is focused
on making sure that they continue to grow the way they are growing
and we will continue to find ways to support them in terms of capital,
and that is the priority. As and when they cross a certain threshold, they
will become an upper layer NBFC, it is just a matter of building the book
and reaching a certain number. But we do not have a clear view on
when that particular timeline will be achieved. So, that is really the
comment on Axis Finance.
Gopika Gopakumar: One last question, if I could slip in. You said the stress has stabilized in
the retail loan segment, but when do you see that coming off? I mean,

it is still around those levels that we have seen in the last quarter. But
when do you see it substantially coming off? When do you see the
turnaround coming?
Subrat Mohanty: I think we have kind of shown the trend and the trajectory there. In terms
of the numbers, we have mentioned that it is the lowest in the last five
quarters. From our perspective, the two areas that were areas of focus
was unsecured and Cards. We have continued to maintain that in
Cards, from Q4 onwards, we have seen the stabilizing trend. On
unsecured, we are starting to see the stabilization happen, which we
had in some sense anticipated and we had come back saying we will
give you a constructive commentary as part of this quarter comment,
which we are offering.
You will also have noticed that disbursement growth has started
happening. The card numbers are up. On the unsecured side also there
has been disbursement growth, which suggests that there is confidence
that we are able to open some of the gates. So that's really where we
will leave this at this point in time. And you will see QOQ how the
numbers trend. From our perspective, the way we had anticipated, the
book is behaving exactly that way.
Gopika Gopakumar: So, the retail loan NPAs are coming, as of now, it is only from credit
Cards and Personal Loans, no other segments?
Subrat Mohanty: They come from all segments. But, in terms of what we predict or what
our forecast says, everything else is well within our internal estimate.
Gopika Gopakumar: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Puneet
Sharma for closing comments. Over to you, Sir.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you, Dorwin. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your time this
evening. If there are any questions that remain unanswered, please do
reach out to our Corporate Communications team, we would be very
happy to pick them up and respond to you in due course. Thank you for

your patience and have a good evening. Wishing you and your families
a very Happy Diwali and a prosperous new year. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Axis Bank, that concludes this conference.
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.