Axis Bank’s Q1FY24 Earnings Conference Call
July 26, 2023
MANAGEMENT:
MR. AMITABH CHAUDHRY – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO
MR. RAJIV ANAND – DEPUTY MANAGING DIRECTOR
MR. PUNEET SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
MR. RAVI NARAYAN – GROUP EXECUTIVE, RETAIL LIABILITIES, BRANCH
BANKING & PRODUCTS
MR. ARJUN CHOWDHARY – GROUP EXECUTIVE, AFFLUENT BANKING, NRI,
CARDS & PAYMENTS
MR SUMIT BALI – GROUP EXECUTIVE AND HEAD - RETAIL LENDING

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Axis Bank Conference
Call to discuss the Q1FY24 Financial Results. Participation in this conference
call is by invitation only. Axis Bank reserves the right to block access to any
person to whom an invitation has not been sent. Unauthorized dissemination
of the contents or the proceedings of the call is strictly prohibited and prior
explicit permission and written approval of Axis Bank is imperative.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will
be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of the briefing session.
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that
this conference is being recorded.
On behalf of Axis Bank, I once again welcome all the participants to the
conference call. On the call, we have Mr. Amitabh Chaudhry, MD and CEO;
and Mr. Puneet Sharma, CFO. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amitabh
Chaudhry. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Amitabh Chaudhry: Thank you. Good evening and welcome everyone. We have on the call, Rajiv
Anand – Deputy MD, Puneet Sharma – CFO, and other members of the
leadership team.
We have begun the new fiscal year with strong operating performance across
segments. The Bank’s Q1FY24 profit after tax grew 41%, with consolidated
annualized ROE at 19.44%, up 388 bps YOY. We also accelerated our
progress in identified areas of distinctiveness namely Digital, Bharat Banking
and Customer Obsession while working on synergies from acquired Citi
businesses. We remain watchful about the emerging macro variables, and we
are fine-tuning our strategy to continue to deliver a sustainable and predictable
performance.
We continue to remain focused on three core areas of execution of our GPS
strategy namely:
A. Embedding a performance driven culture
B. Strengthening the core
C. Building for the future
Let me now discuss each one of these in further detail:
A. Embedding a performance driven culture
There is visible improvement in the quality of our Deposit franchise
We have made significant progress in our journey towards improving the
quality, granularity and premiumization of our deposit franchise over the last
three years led by multiple Bank-wide transformational initiatives. Please refer
to the slide number 18 & 19 in the investor presentation, the results of these
initiatives are evident in the deposit performance

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
• The Bank’s Deposit franchise grew 400 bps faster than the industry with
improvement in both quality and composition of deposits.
• Low-cost CASA share is at 45.5%, compounding at 19% for the last three
years.
• In the last two years, the Bank’s outflow rates (on Basel reporting basis)
have seen reduction by ~ 460 bps and are now trending closer to the best
in the Indian banking sector.
• During Q1FY24. on a quarterly average basis,
✓ Savings deposits grew 20% YOY & 10% QOQ and Current Accounts
grew 17% YOY.
✓ Total deposits grew by 15% YOY and 6% QOQ and term deposits
grew 12% YOY and 5% QOQ on the back of 21% YOY and 9% QOQ
growth in average LCR accretive deposits for the quarter.
• The micro market led strategy is making an impact with 52% increase in
districts with market share gain in last 3 years
• The granularity, quality and growth of deposit franchise has improved
tremendously in the last three years. We continue to invest
disproportionately here.
All round growth across businesses. Market leading growth in our focus
segments
• MSME segment continues to remain a key growth driver for the Bank. The
combined portfolio of mid-corporate, SMEs and small businesses grew
32% YOY and now constitute 20% of the loan book, up over 600 bps in
last 3 years.
• Corporate loans grew 25% YOY, led by a healthy pick-up from NBFCs,
Retail Trade, Roads, Telecom Services, Textile etc. The disbursement
pipeline for Q2 looks healthy. 70% of the pipeline is from Term loans and
balance 30% from Working cap and Trade.
• On Retail, we are driving a balanced growth in portfolio leveraging our best
in class digital and data analytics capabilities. The share of unsecured
disbursement for the last four quarters has been in the 20-25% range.
B. Strengthening the core:
On Wholesale Banking, the transformation programmes that we started two
years back are delivering client impact as we strengthen our capabilities in the
Transaction Banking and Treasury segments.
• Our go-to-market traction on Project Neo is strong with contribution to
revenues from transaction banking APIs (across Payments, Collections &
Trade), treasury and CBG segments. The pipeline on Cash management
and trade APIs continues to remain strong with 1000+ customers in
engagement phase of which 250+ are in UAT stage.
• In addition to the strong product-market fit, Neo continues to get widely
recognised in the market. The Bank bagged the award for “Best Product
Innovation for Neo API Banking Suite” at Infosys Finacle Innovation
Awards 2023 and Best API project at the Asset Triple A Awards.
C. Building for the future
Digital Banking performance is strong

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
Our Digital 2.0 balance sheet continues to deliver strong growth with 56%
increase in deposits and 60% increase in loans. Axis 2.0 is now roughly 5% of
the Bank’s overall business and we intend to increase contribution by 3-4x by
fiscal 2027.
We have taken early leadership in leveraging platforms like Account
Aggregator, ONDC, CBDC and OCEN (please refer to slide 46 of the investor
presentation). Axis was the first bank to go live on the account aggregator
platform as financial information provider (FIP). Since then, the bank has
launched a number of use cases as a financial information user (FIU).
Today the bank offers personal loans, auto loans, two-wheeler loans, home
loans, small business loans and credit cards leveraging the Account
Aggregator framework. The amount of loans disbursed using the Account
Aggregator framework grew by 220% in this quarter compared to same period
last year.
• We launched ‘One View’, a multi-bank aggregator feature built in to
‘Axis Mobile’ app that allows users to get a consolidated view of all
their balances from different banks, track all transactions and access
statements at one place. It is a unique offering, first of its kind in the
banking industry, and has seen more than 2.5 lakh registrations in the
first 8 weeks of its launch.
• We continue our leadership in partnership and ecosystem models. We
have more than 100 digital partnerships to fuel new customer growth.
During the quarter, we partnered with Airtel and Flipkart to offer instant
personal loans to their customers in less than 30 seconds.
• During the quarter, we partnered with the RBI Innovation Hub and
launched 5-minute digital end-to-end KCC loans with instant loan
account opening and access to funds. We also launched digital
business loans for MSMEs leveraging RBI’s Innovation Hub. We are
also the 1st bank to launch a Central Bank Digital Currency merchant
app., the first to launch an iOS app and among the first banks to offer
partial interoperability with UPI QR.
. Bank-wide programs to build distinctiveness
Our big bet on Bharat is growing from strength to strength
• We have further expanded our distribution footprint to ~2,250 Bharat
Banking branches that are complemented by a ~62,000 strong CSC
VLE network. The CSC Q1 asset disbursals grew by 3x on a YoY
basis.
• We are leveraging the tech stacks of agritech and fintech companies
to serve the retail customer in Bharat. During the quarter, we went live
with ITC MAARS, a multi-product partnership, offering opportunities
for rural assets, retail assets, liabilities, forex across their large network
of farmers and Farmer Producer Organization (FPO).
• Our digital co-lending platform is live with 6+ partners and we have
more products and partners lined up to go live on the platform during
this year.

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
• Q1FY24 disbursals grew by 34% YOY, rural advances were up by
22% and deposits from Bharat banking segment grew 17% YOY.
Sparsh, our customer obsession program, is making an impact on our
customer experience scores.
• It is now live across 100% of the Bank’s branches & all service
touchpoints
• Over the last year, NPS in retail customer journeys has moved up to
130 & in wholesale to 133 over an indexed baseline of 100
• We have an Industry-first 6-hour service promise for our Burgundy
customers, available on our App.
On Citibank Consumer business integration:
The Citi team is now well integrated, and the customers have seamlessly
transitioned to the broader platform in Axis. This is demonstrated through the
trends we are seeing across credit card spends, higher acquisitions and
stronger term deposit mobilization.
We are also witnessing synergy benefits coming through – examples include
improvement in monthly disbursements in the vehicle finance business, and
the great response we have seen for new wealth management products, from
the palette made available with the Axis group.
The ex-Citi colleagues have welcomed the opportunity to take on larger
responsibilities within the Bank. Their annualized attrition is materially below
the trend of the previous two years.
In Closing:
The Indian economy and the Banking sector are well placed in context of the
global geopolitical and macro headwinds. The emerging trends with shift in
global value chain mix, Indian Government’s supportive policies and
infrastructure for MSME, Bharat and Digital; will help the Indian banking sector.
We, at Axis Bank, are well positioned to take advantage of these opportunities
and believe that we have significant runway for growth. We remain focused on
our GPS strategy and our areas of distinctiveness in building ‘an all-weather
institution that will stand the test of time.
I will request Puneet to take over.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you Amitabh.
Good evening and thank you for joining us. We continue to make good
progress on towards building a stronger, consistent and sustainable franchise.
We have strengthened our core businesses and are focussed on ensuring that
our balance sheet is resilient across cycles. Amitabh has discussed the
business and transformation projects, The salient features of the financial
performance of the Bank for Q1 FY24, across:
1. Operating performance
2. Capital and liquidity position
3. Growth across our deposit franchise and loan book
4. Asset quality, restructuring and provisioning

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
is as follows
Our operating performance was robust across NIMs, fee, cost and credit cost
lines:
1. NIM at 4.10%, improving 50 bps YOY
2. NII at Rs 11,959 crores, YOY growth of 27%
3. Fee at Rs 4,488 crores, YOY growth of 28%, granular fee at 94% of total
fee
4. Operating profit at Rs 8,814 crores, YOY growth of 50%;
5. Cost to assets at 2.32%, increasing by 8 bps YOY
6. Cost to income at 48.29%, improving by 417 bps YOY
7. Net credit cost at 0.50%, increasing 9 bps YOY, largely due to lower
recoveries from prudentially written of accounts
8. PAT at Rs 5,797 crores, increasing 41% YOY
9. GNPA at 1.96%, declining 80 bps YOY and 6 bps QOQ
10. NNPA at 0.41%, declining 23 bps YOY and flat QOQ
11. PCR% at 80%, improving 233 bps YOY
12. Standard asset coverage of 1.39%, i.e. all provisions by GNPA ratio is
145% improving 1,134 bps YOY
13. Consolidated ROA% at 1.83%, improving 35 bps YOY
14. Consolidated ROE% at 19.44%, improving 388 bps YOY
15. CET-1 accretion net of organic consumption, was 36 bps
Net Interest Margins
• Yields on interest earning assets have improved YOY and QOQ. We
however saw an increase in funding cost in Q1 FY24 by 114 bps YOY and
28 bps QOQ. As a result, NIMs improved 50 bps YOY and declined by 9
bps QOQ. The balance 3 bps decline in NIMs QOQ is attributable to
interest on income tax refunds in Q4FY23 and nil in Q1 FY24. The marginal
cost of deposits has stabilized over the last few months. We expect deposit
costs to increase further over the remaining part of the financial year but
the pace of deposit cost growth will most likely moderate.
• Our progress on structural NIM drivers continues, with improvements
across all variables on a YOY basis:
o Improvement in Balance sheet mix: Loans and investments comprised
88% of total assets at June 23, improving 113 bps YOY;
o INR denominated loans comprised 95.64% of total advances at June
23, improving 324 bps YOY;
o Retail and CBG advances comprised 68% of total advances at June
23
o Low-yielding RIDF bonds declined by Rs 11,385 crores YOY. RIDF
bonds comprised 2.29% of our total assets at June 23 compared to
3.58% of total assets as at June 22.
o Composition of liabilities measured through average CASA% improved
151 bps YOY
o Quality of liabilities measured by outflow rate improved ~ 460 bps over
last 2 years

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
• We had strong fee performance in the quarter. Fee income stood at Rs
4,488 crores, growing 28% YOY.
o Total retail fee grew 37% YOY and 1% QOQ
o Fees from retail cards grew 60% YOY and 24% QOQ
o Fees from retail forex exchange and remittances grew 33% YOY
and 12% QOQ
o Transaction banking fee grew 17% YOY and 4% QOQ
• Operating expenses for the quarter stood at Rs. 8,232 crores, growing
28% YOY and 12% sequentially. It is pertinent to note that there were
no Citi BAU expenses in Q1 FY 23 and only one month Citi expenses in
Q4FY23.
o ~ 21% of the YOY and ~ 28% of the QOQ cost growth in rupee
terms is attributable to integration expenses;
o The balance YOY increase in rupee crore expenses other than
above can be attributed to the following reasons: (i) 4% linked to
volume; (ii) 57% linked to technology and growth related and (iii)
balance 39% to BAU.
o Technology and digital spends grew 19% YOY and constituted ~
8% of total operating expenses.
o Staff costs increased by 23% YOY. We have added 8,366 people
from same period last year mainly to our growth businesses and
technology teams.
• Operating expenses to average assets stood at 2.32%, higher by 8 bps
YOY and 7 bps sequentially. The acquired Citi business is entirely retail
which understandably runs at a higher cost and return ratios. The Citi
business will be RoE accretive post integration. The cost ratios will
remain sticky till the Citi integration phase is over.
• Provisions and contingencies for the quarter were Rs 1,035 crores. The
Bank has not utilized any of its COVID-19 provisions, this provision is
entirely prudent.
• Annualized Gross credit cost at 74 bps was lower by 5 bps YOY.
Annualized net credit cost for Q1 FY24 is 50 bps, increased 9 bps YOY
and 28 bps QOQ. The increase in QOQ net credit cost in attributable to
higher seasonal rural slippages in the quarter and lower recoveries as
compared to the previous quarter from prudentially written off accounts
from the corporate portfolio.
• Subsidiaries contributed 3 bps to the consolidated annualized ROA and
27 bps to the consolidated annualized ROE this quarter
• The cumulative non NPA provisions at June 30, 2023 at Rs 11,848
crores, comprising (i) Covid19 related at Rs 5,012 crores; (ii)
Restructuring provisions of Rs 708 crores, includes unsecured retail at
100% provision and the rest at first bucket NPA rates, (iii) standard
assets provision at higher than regulatory rates of Rs 2,296 crores and
(iv) weak assets & other provisions of Rs 3,832 crores.

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
Our journey to be self-sufficient on capital is progressing well
▪ Our total capital adequacy ratio including profit is 17.74% and our CET-
1 ratio is 14.38%. We accreted 36 bps of CET -1 capital during the
quarter. The prudent COVID provision translates to a capital cushion of
48 bps over and above the reported CET-1 capital adequacy.
▪ The RWA% of the Bank at June 30, 2023 stands at 67%.
Growth across our liabilities and loan franchise
Please refer slides 18 and 19 for details around the quality of our liabilities
franchise and slides on our loan franchise
o Our CASA ratio on MEB basis was 45.5%, improving 182 bps YoY
o Our CASA ratio on QAB basis was 44.2%, improving 151 bps YoY and
31 bps QOQ
o Our loan book is granular and well-balanced with retail advances
constituting 58% of the overall advances, corporate loans at 32% and
CBG at 10%.
o ~68% of our loans are floating rate. ~42% of our fixed rate book
matures in 12 months.
Break-up of the of the floating rate loan book by benchmark type and MCLR
re-pricing frequency is set out on Slide 10 of our investor presentation.
Retail book
• Retail advances grew 21% YOY and 2% sequentially, ~ 77% of the
book is secured,
• Q1FY24 Retail disbursements for LAP grew 35% YOY, Small business
banking disbursements grew 8% YOY and PL disbursements were up
26% YOY.
• Cards and PL portfolio grew 91% YOY & 21% YOY respectively.
• The credit card spends in Q1FY24 grew 78% YOY and 28% QOQ.
Wholesale Banking Coverage
We are progressing well in our endeavor to build a profitable and sustainable
Corporate Bank. Details of rating composition, incremental sanction quality
is set out on slide 35.
▪ Domestic corporate loans book grew 36% YOY and 4% QOQ.
▪ The offshore wholesale advances are largely trade finance related and
primarily driven by our GIFT city branch. 96% of the overseas standard
corporate loan book in GIFT city branch is India linked and 91% is
rated A- and above.
Commercial banking
▪ The commercial banking book grew 24% YOY. The quality of the CBG
franchise we are building and strong relation led approach is reflected
through:
o CBG CA deposits on MDAB basis grew by 13% YOY.
o 88% of CBG loan book is PSL compliant.

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
o As our customers grow, we migrated ~3.6% of the CBG book as
at March 31, 2023 to our CRG business. This will be a routine
feature going forward.
Coming to the performance of our subsidiaries
Detailed performance of the subsidiaries is set out on Slides 68 to 74 of the
investor presentation.
o The subsidiaries reported a total Q1 FY24 net profit of Rs 303 crores,
growing 16% YOY. The return on investment in domestic subsidiaries was
~ 45%.
Axis Finance: Delivered strong growth as a full-service customer focused
franchise offering retail as well as wholesale lending solutions.
• In Q1FY24, overall AUM grew 28% YOY. Retail book grew ~1.5 times
and now constitutes 43% of total loans
• Q1FY24 PAT grew 29% YOY to Rs 123 Crores, and healthy CAR at
18.6%.
• Strong asset quality with net NPA of 0.38% and negligible restructuring
reflects the strength in balance sheet.
Axis AMC: Axis AMC’s overall AUM grew 13% YOY to Rs. 252,203 crores,
Q1FY24 PAT grew 4% YOY to Rs 91 crores
Axis Securities: Axis Securities’ broking revenues for Q1FY24 grew 24% YOY
and PAT grew 14% YOY to Rs 45 crores
Asset quality, provisioning and restructuring
▪ Asset quality continues to improve with declining Gross NPA and largely
flat net NPA. The Slippage, GNPA, NNPA and PCR ratios for the Bank,
and segmentally for Retail, CBG and Corporate is provided on slide # 59.
▪ Q1FY24 gross slippage ratio (annualized) stood at 1.87%, declining 18
bps YOY.
▪ Gross slippages for the quarter was Rs 3,990 crores, higher by 8% YOY
mainly relating to the retail book. Our CBG and CRG slippages are
contained or improving both on a YOY and QOQ basis. Further, for the
quarter ~ 38% of the gross slippages are attributed to linked accounts of
borrowers which were standard when classified or have been upgraded
in the same quarter.
▪ Net slippages for the quarter were Rs 1,685 crores of which Retail was
Rs 2,028 crores, CBG was Rs 64 crores and WBCG was negative Rs 407
crores
▪ Recoveries from written off accounts for the quarter was Rs 554 crores.
▪ Net slippage in the quarter adjusted for recoveries from written off pool was
Rs 1,131 crores of which retail was Rs 1,639 crores, CBG was negative
Rs 10 crores and wholesale was negative Rs 498 crores.

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
To summarise, Axis Bank is progressing well to be a stronger, consistent
and sustainable franchise:
• Our franchise is strong, resilient and getting more sustainable, visible
through (i) organic axis business driven CET 1 accretion in the quarter of
36 bps; (ii) our covid provision buffer of 48 bps of CET-1 capital, (iii) overall
coverage at 145% of GNPA, and (iv) limited covid restructuring at 0.21%
of GCA.
• Consolidated ROE for the quarter at 19.44%, improved by 388 bps YOY.
We have now consistently delivered an ROE in excess of 18% over the
last 4 quarters through disciplined execution.
• We have laid a good foundation for our liability franchise. The improvement
journey is progressing well with (i) our Q1 FY 24 QAB and MEB CASA ratio
of 44.2% and 45.5% improving 151 bps and 182 bps respectively on a
YOY basis; (ii) outflow rates falling by ~460 bps over the last 24 months.
Improvements planned over the next 7-8 quarters should deliver results
with some inter quarter fluctuations which are normal for a business of our
scale and size.
• We are well placed in the current macro environment, we continue to
closely monitor geopolitical environment, inflation, liquidity, cost of funds
and its impact on our business.
Thank you. We will be glad to take your questions now.
Mahrukh Adajania: My first question is on opex. Sir, you clarified on the integration expenses. And
last time also you had called out a number for integration expenses. And if you
add both, then the integration expenses work out to roughly Rs 350 crores to
Rs 380 crores per quarter. Is that the run rate we continue to expect in the next
few quarters?
Puneet Sharma: Mahrukh, thank you for the question. Slide 13 of the investor presentation
clearly calls out integration expenses for the quarter. It is Rs 385 crores. We
have said that we expect to incur integration expenses over a period of 18
months aggregating to Rs 2,000 crores pre-tax, Rs 1,500 crores post-tax. That
number stands. You may see some inter-quarter fluctuations, but we stand by
the gross number of Rs 2,000 crores. And for the quarter, it is Rs 385 crores.
Mahrukh Adajania: Okay. But that run rate should broadly continue, right? Because I thought Rs
500 crores of that Rs 2,000 crores will be upfronted sooner than the Rs 1,500
crores?
Puneet Sharma: So Mahrukh, like I said, I think we said we will upfront some of the Rs 2,000
crores in the early four quarters. We are working to ensure that integration is
smooth and is done in the fastest possible time. So directionally, yes, it's likely
to be upfronted than back-ended. So your conclusion there qualitatively is
correct. The Rs 2,000 crores number stands. The Rs 385 crores number for
the quarter stands.
Mahrukh Adajania: Okay. Thanks. Sir, my next question is on deposit mobilization through the rest
of the year, right? Some banks still have excess liquidity. A lot of banks have
not grown deposits this quarter but it intensifies from next quarter. So how do

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
you view your deposit mobilization in the context of your margins from next
quarter onwards?
And also, is the bulk of past repricing over now? So assuming no more rate
changes, can we assume that margins have bottomed now?
Ravi Narayanan: Thank you, Mahrukh. This is Ravi. As far as the growth in deposits is
concerned, it continues to be an effort across the banking sector, no doubt
about it. But we continue to stay focused on what we have picked up as some
of the elements of execution over the last few months, which is primarily
focused on sweating the franchise and the distribution. We have been, as
mentioned by Puneet and Amitabh, we have been looking at a district level
approach where we are seeing that how do we ensure that district-by-district,
we are focused on increasing our market share in deposits. At the same time,
we are working towards the composition and quality of our franchise.
We are not taking our eyes of that. And we continue to ensure that at all points
in time, it is a relationship approach that we are taking so that we continue to
focus on the customer behind the account. And therefore, create sustainability
of the relationship as well as the liability. So overall, as we see, the focus is on
sweating the distribution that we have. And continue to focus on how every
resource can participate and contribute. As far as the cost of funds is
concerned, I'll hand it over to Puneet.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you, Ravi. Mahrukh, as you are aware, we don't offer net interest margin
guidance. Therefore, to your comment on where the margins will be at this
level for the rest of the year, we can't offer a constructive comment.
Qualitatively, on cost of deposits, the marginal cost of deposits have stabilized
for the last few months. We expect deposit costs to further increase over the
remaining part of the financial year. But the pace of growth of deposit cost is
most likely to moderate. So if you recollect, in the Axis context, we had a
deposit cost increase that took place in quarter 4 of last year, followed by a
deposit costs or cost of funds increase in quarter 1 of the current year. We are
seeing the pace of growth is likely to moderate for the rest of the financial year.
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Kunal Shah from
Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Kunal Shah: So the question was on excess SLR, wherein you have utilized almost Rs
18,000-odd crores, you said like larger part of it could be utilized over next six
months. So from Rs 57,000-odd crores, how would be the utilization out there?
And the second question is on the employee’s side. In terms of the cost
increase which has been there on a quarter-on-quarter basis, how much would
have been on account of the one-off due to the incentives which we have
highlighted here?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you, Kunal, for the question. Let me start with your second question first
on staff cost increase. Since you've asked the question on a sequential quarter
basis, there are three elements that are playing through on a sequential quarter
staff cost increase. One, you would appreciate that we purchased the Citibank

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
business effective 1, March. So the employee cost of all Citi employees in Q4
of FY23 is for one month. For Q1 of FY24, is for three months. So in some
sense, it's not an equitable comparison. That has contributed to staff cost
growth at one level.
The second element that has contributed to staff cost growth is, we've offered
increments to our employees in quarter 1 as we do annually. And the
increments are in line with industry numbers. Therefore, that's a second
contributor to staff cost increase.
And the third element is, we’ve added incremental staff in our growth
businesses and technology teams. So therefore, there is an annualization
impact of last year's, specifically quarter 4 hires and incremental hires in
quarter 1 that is contributing to the balance staff cost. There is a marginal
impact of gratuity that has played through given where interest rates have
moved. But those would be the four broad components on basis of which staff
cost has increased.
Now on excess SLR, you made one comment and asked one question. My
request is, I do not believe that between Amitabh or me, we said we will run
through our excess SLR over the next six months. So I would just caveat your
comment on the time frame. Our LCR numbers are 123%, gives us enough
flexibility to grow our loan book as long as we get constructive opportunity. And
as we reduce our LCR, excess LCRs will run off. We do not have a targeted
guidance to run down excess SLR as a metric.
Kunal, I hope that covers both your questions but if there is something, happy
to take a follow-up.
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Saurabh from
JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Saurabh Kumar: Sir, just two questions. One is basically on this NIM slide, slide 10. So last
quarter, you had a 6-basis point impact because of the excess liquidity. So fair
to say that the cumulative decline this quarter, including the 6 basis points of
excess liquidity, that number should be about 15 basis points? So that's one.
And the second is, on this attrition rate, could you have -- I mean, would we
expect the staff cost number to persistently remain high now because of the
attrition rates are going up at the Bank? Thank you.
Puneet Sharma: Saurabh, thank you for the question. Yes, there has been a 5% moderation in
LCR. But I'm not clear on how that translates to the 15 basis points that, of
normalized reduction that you're coming to. On a reported basis, we have
declined net interest margins by 12 basis points, 9 basis points of the 12 basis
points is BAU, which is cost of deposits being offset by increase in yield on
investments and advances. And 3 basis points in the last quarter was a one-
off item, which is interest on income tax refunds, which doesn't repeat itself in
quarter 1. So the bridge for the 12 basis points is the 9 basis points-plus 3
basis points.

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
Amitabh Chaudhry: On attrition, let me say a couple of points. First, there are only very few banks
who report attrition numbers on a regular basis.
Secondly, I think you are assuming that everyone is reporting attrition on
exactly the same basis. And so the attrition numbers are comparable. I do not
think so. We have done our analysis and some people are excluding some of
their workforces when they report or how they report -- how much time they
have spent with the organization before they report the attrition numbers, point
number two.
Point number three. Our attrition rate has remained in the same zone for quite
some time. So I don't know when you say that attrition rate has gone up, yes,
it went up last year. It is reflected in our overall staff cost. All the institutions, at
least the ones we compete with, are used to this kind of attrition rate and
they've been operating quite well through that period without seeing a large
jump in staff cost because the attrition rates are high. Frankly, if the attrition
rates are high, sometimes it can lead to a lower staff cost because you might
replace the individuals who are leaving you with someone who comes in at a
lower cost. So I think to attribute high attrition rate to higher staff costs might
not necessarily be right all the time.
So in nutshell, we do not expect our staff cost to go up because of a slight
movement in attrition number, either up or down. I hope that answers your
question. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Abhishek M from HSBC.
Please go ahead.
Abhishek M: Two questions. One on growth, if you could offer some comments on Housing
and LAP. There's been a little -- the growth has been a little moderate there for
a couple of quarters. And is there something in terms of demand that you're
seeing, which is leading to this kind of moderation?
And also on the CBG part, where there's a decline this quarter on a QOQ basis.
So what would be driving this? So that's my first question. Again, I'll come back
for the second.
Sumit Bali: Hi, good evening, Abhishek, this is Sumit here. So last year, we had started on
our improvement of NIM journey. And as part of that, we had taken some
initiative to rationalize costs. And one is, now our NIMs are where we want
them to be. So we will be growing our home loan book. We've already put in
place initiatives to grow that book and that will be visible in Q2, Q3 onwards.
Net of home loan, every other product is doing well. Home loan, we have a
plan in place to grow the book.
Rajiv Anand: So Q4 over Q1 drop is -- you would have seen that last year as well. But you'll
find that the overall growth on a Y-o-Y basis continues to be quite strong. This
is a business that we like. It is granular. It is sectorally dispersed, very
profitable. And this is a piece that we are looking to grow and grow quite
strongly. So we are not very concerned about the small drop that you've seen
on a QOQ basis.

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
Moderator: Mr. Abhishek, does that answer your question?
Abhishek M: Yes. That was the first. I've got one more.
Moderator: Please go ahead.
Abhishek M: Thank you. Sir, the second question is on cards. So first, can you give a rough
mix of revolvers, EMI and whether that would have gone down post the Citi
merger? And also, would it be fair to assume that Magnus would have led to,
let's say, 15% to 20% of net card additions and also spends? And now after
the devaluation, there would be an impact on both of these?
Arjun Chowdhry: So there's actually three questions there. I'll just sort of take them one-by-one.
Trend-wise, across the industry, the revolver percentage is coming down but I
obviously can't share specific numbers on trend of EMI. EMI is a trend which
is increasing. And what we are noticing you will have seen this in the RBI
numbers as well, is that our overall spend, which is a reported number, is
growing quite well and in fact, growing much ahead of the industry. So that's
the first part.
On the Magnus, no, certainly, it would not -- we have not seen any attrition and
it will certainly not lead to any meaningful number in terms of attrition, even if
it were to come through.
The third part is, I wouldn't refer to the changes in the Magnus as devaluation
because if you look at it holistically, we have actually introduced a product for
-- which is tied in with our wealth management proposition for our Burgundy
customer which is actually, we believe, even more powerful than the earlier
Magnus was.
So we are certainly not looking at it as a devaluation. We are looking at it as a
segmentation of our product line, more aligned to the high spenders. And for
that segment, which spends about a particular threshold, we know with the
math we've done but it is still the most powerful card in the market for that
segment of customers. So I certainly wouldn't attribute any meaningful number
on attrition too. In fact, we are seeing the spends going up, as I mentioned on
the cards portfolio in general and we certainly wouldn't call it a devaluation of
the Magnus product.
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Adarsh from CLSA.
Please go ahead.
Adarsh P: So most of my questions were answered. I just wanted to check if you think
about the cost base adjusted for the integration cost. I'm sure there is some
amount of cost that banks are incurring now, the spend when the going is good.
Just wanted to understand what's the trajectory and you guided to it earlier as
well but when should one expect this to moderate, right?
What I'm trying to understand is, will it last till the going is good or specifically
think that there should be a turning point here?

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
Puneet Sharma: Adarsh, thank you for the question. The environment allows us to continue to
make investments today. We have previously demonstrated our ability to pull
back costs when we need to. And therefore, if you're directionally asking me,
will we have this ability to manage our cost to assets ratio on a go-forward
basis post the integration expenses falling away. If the environment were to
deteriorate, yes, we do believe that we have levers to manage costs at that
point in time. As we stand today, we are constructive about the environment
that we operate in and therefore, we'd like to continue to invest in the franchise.
Adarsh: And that medium-term guidance on cost to asset ex integration is something
you don't want to still put on a timeline to?
Puneet Sharma: So Adarsh, what we have said previously and we've reiterated that on slide 13
of our investor presentation, we have set out a -- around 2% cost to assets on
an FY25 exit basis. If you see the update that we have provided, we've
continued to hold that guidance of around 2% FY25 exit basis, excluding the
Citi business.
Please appreciate the reason for the exclusion is, the Citi business operates
at higher revenue and higher costs. We had called out the impact of Citi costs
on the univariate cost to assets ratio last quarter. Therefore, the guidance that
we had offered previously stands, as originally intended. So we are not walking
away from that guidance.
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead.
Nitin Aggarwal: Good evening, everyone. I have two questions. One is around the Tier 1. We
have seen a good improvement in Tier 1 this quarter despite the rise in RWA
to total asset ratio. So what has really driven this, is this one-off or do you think
that this is going to steadily improve over the coming quarters? And in view of
this, what will also be the plans that we have on the capital raise?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for your question, Nitin. Let me take the capital raise plan first and
then come back to your one-off question on capital. Our current CET1 stands
at 14.38%, well above our philosophical rebase level, well above what we need
to protect our domestic AAA rating, sufficient headroom for us to grow at 400
basis points to 600 basis points higher than industry credit that we've indicated
we would like to grow at. Therefore, we do not have any plans currently to raise
capital for the growth outlook that we have for FY24.
To your second question on, is there a one-off in the net capital accretion that
you have seen of 36 basis points, no. Capital accretion is roughly about 66
basis points if I take you to slide 15 of our presentation. About 66 basis points
of accretion is on account of profits for the quarter. Across operations, risk and
growth has consumed 30 basis points. So the 36 basis points is core organic
accretion that we have delivered in the current quarter.
Nitin Aggarwal: Okay. And second question is on the branch expansion plan, while you have
a guidance around cost to asset but how are you looking at the branch
expansion over FY '24 to FY '25. And related to the branch expansion, on the

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
liabilities, because CD ratio has been like hitting close to 91 now, so how are
we looking at the liability position and what is your comfort level on the CD
ratio?
Ravi Narayanan: Thank you. So on the branch expansion plan, as we have said earlier too, we
continue to look at white spaces across the country, both in Bharat and the
urban markets. Current financial year, we are looking at around 400 branches
incrementally for the year. And we will keep ourselves open for any kind of
opportunity which further comes up. Similar numbers would be where we are
looking for even possibly, as we go along.
Overall, in terms of the job between the loans and the liability, that continues
to be something that is playing out for the industry. We have our eyes closely
hooked on to the CD ratio and we continue to make all efforts to ensure that,
that is something that is always under control and see how we can bring it up,
as we go along. So between the push towards increasing distribution as well
as ensuring that the existing franchise is completely sweated out, we continue
to be extremely positive about the deposit growth that we have.
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Param Subramanian
from Nomura. Please go ahead.
Param Subramanian: So on slide 12, you're showing this, the retail cards, and payments within the
retail fee mix. So I just wanted to understand, would most of the Citi fee be
sitting within this retail cards and payments. And if so, it looks like the Citi
business would have been about INR150 crores to INR200 crores of fees this
quarter. Is that ballpark number, correct?
Puneet Sharma: Thanks, Param, for the question. I'm not going to call out or ratify the amount
that you've calculated. We've categorically said we are one bank, one number
reported. It is an integrated Axis franchise. Therefore, the Citi fee number is
not being called out separately. To your first point out that, is Citi fee is being
reported? Part of the Citi fee is being reported in retail cards and payment.
There will be fees that will come in third-party products as well as Citi fees
appearing in retail liabilities. The recharacterization of the fees is in line with
how Axis used to consistently characterize its fee profile. And therefore, there
is consistency of this reporting.
P Subramanian: Okay. Got that thing. But the last number we got for the Citi business as of CY
'20, when you had given out a broad P&L. So I just wanted to understand if the
P&L trends stay in the NII and fee line, are broadly similar on an accretion
basis.
Puneet Sharma: Param, thanks for the follow-up. What we also set out in the pro forma
disclosure was an ROE number, which was 19%-plus. We do believe that, that
number is deliverable post full integration and therefore, the business should
be ROE accretive for us. Without commenting on specific lines of income and
expense growth, we stay committed and stay true to our comments that this
business is ROE accretive post-integration period.

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rakesh Kumar from
B&K Securities. Please go ahead.
Rakesh Kumar: Yes. So sir, firstly question was on the outflow rate for the LCR calculation,
there was an improvement of 460 bps. And that improvement is being utilized
in the lower surplus liquidity, so including the asset yield. So just wanted to
understand, what is the longevity like how much more we can improve the
deposit profile and use that to improve the overall margin profile? So how much
-- what is in the degree -- outer degree of that, if you can elaborate on that?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the question. As we would see on slide 18 of our presentation,
we've called out a June '23 outflow rate of 23.7%. If you look at broadly our
peer bank set, we've reached the rates that they have historically operated in
and continue to operate in. So the efficiency there would be at the margin
because we've seen a significant improvement in the last 24 months. So that
lever of NIM improvement is getting optimized and may have limited to no
scope of improvement on a go-forward basis.
Rakesh Kumar: Sir, secondly on the slippages, you mentioned that there is a seasonality in this
rural slippage number and the recovery number kind of has come down. So
recovery numbers, we can understand but the seasonality of this rural slippage
number. So can we see this number in any other quarter, Q3 or Q4 or like it
will happen just in Q1. So if you can help there?
Puneet Sharma: Thanks again for that question. Typically, rural NPAs is the May-November
cycle. So you will see a quarter 1, quarter 3 impact of the rural cycle. The other
products typically don't have the seasonality that comes through the rural loan
portfolio.
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Arvind R from
Sundaram Alternates. Please go ahead.
Arvind R: So once the branch -- new branch is open, like how much time it usually takes
to reach the desired metrics in terms of loans and deposits. So that is my first
question. And if you can give me some color on like what is the average yield
on credit cards, like. Yes. These are the two my questions, sir.
Ravi Narayanan: Yes, thanks. On an average, we are now looking at the branches becoming
fully profitable in the ballpark of couple of years. Obviously, there will be
outliers, some of them may come in faster. Some of them may go beyond. But
on a broad basis, couple of years is where we look at the customer base kicking
in and a granular kind of approach in terms of getting the profitability. Thanks.
On the cards, I'll have Arjun or Puneet look at it.
Puneet Sharma: Thanks for the question. As you're aware, we don't give product-wise yields
out. So as Arjun alluded to, how the market has moved, on revolve plus cards
loans. But we do not have any particular yield callout on the cards portfolio that
we can disclose here.
Arvind R: But if I can just ask one question, like especially on fixed rate loans, especially
in consumer segment, banks have not been able to pass on the interest rate

Axis Bank Limited
July 26, 2023
that much. I'm just trying to get your view on like, how do you see like passing
on the rates to the customers in the retail segment, especially fixed rate book
like in personal loans and other products?
Puneet Sharma: Thank you for the question. Like I said earlier, we've seen an improvement on
our yield on advances. We are also seeing improvement in yields on
disbursements, which is why we've been able to offset the 31 basis points cost
of deposits increase. So that's visible in the numbers that we are reporting.
Having said that, the market is competitive. We operate in a competitive market
space. And consequently, there will be pulls and pressure on pricing for the
customer profile that we would like to have. So, I think it's a market dynamic.
We are a large and active participant. We have meaningful distribution strength
as One Axis. So, we feel comfortable in competing and winning in this space.
On your fixed rate loan profile, I had earlier called out that 42% of our fixed rate
loans mature over the next 12 months, that should give you an indication of the
repricing frequency of that book.
Moderator: Thank you. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Puneet Sharma for closing
comments. Thank you and over to you, sir.
Puneet Sharma: Thank you, Yashashree. Thank you, everybody, for your time this evening.
We'd be very happy to take any questions that remain unanswered.
Subsequently, please feel free to reach out to Abhijeet and we'd be happy to
take on follow-on questions or engage with you. Thank you very much. Have
a good evening.
Moderator: Thank you, sir. On behalf of Axis Bank, thank you for joining us and you may
now disconnect your lines.