Classification - Public
“HDFC Bank Limited Earnings Call”
April 20, 2024
MANAGEMENT: MR. SASHIDHAR JAGDISHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR
& CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – HDFC BANK
LIMITED
MR. SRINIVASAN VAIDYANATHAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER – HDFC BANK LIMITED
BHAVIN LAKHPATWALA - EXECUTIVE VICE
PRESIDENT – HDFC BANK LIMITED
Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good evening, and welcome to HDFC Bank Limited’s Q4 FY '24
Earnings Conference Call on the Financial Results presented by the Management of HDFC
Bank. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an
opportunity for you to ask questions after a brief commentary by the Management. Should you
need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Vaidyanathan, Chief Financial Officer, HDFC
Bank. Thank you. And over to you, sir.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Thank you very much. Good evening, and a warm welcome to all the participants. You would
see some earnings presentation deck posted. Kindly download them as appropriate or you could
refer it online and use that. We have Sashi Jagdishan, our CEO and MD, with us today. We will
have opening remarks. And soon after that, we'll get to the Q&A and take you on from there in
terms of any other clarifications or questions that you have.
With that, welcome, Sashi, and please take it over.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Thank you, Srini, and thank you all for joining this call. Yes, it's quite a while since I joined an
Earnings Call. So I may be a bit rusty, but do pardon me for that. Ever since the famous, or some
of you may call it infamous, Q3 Earnings Call Results, we have received a lot of feedback from
several of you.
With all humility, we have incorporated most of the feedback, so we are grateful for that. Thank
you for that. I may have mentioned in the past, maybe in the last investor conference that I came
on, it's important to reiterate that this is a completely new organization. The merger with a
nonbank financial entity, the eHDFC Limited and the bank has landed a certain set of day one
financials, and so there is a new starting point across all metrics. This is a new organization.
So it will be -- we have to, not only you but even us, we have to desist from having any
comparisons vis-a-vis the stand-alone financials of either the bank or even the erstwhile HDFC
Limited. We are now 9 months into the merger. The core metrics have remained stable since the
time we merged with HDFC Limited. What does this demonstrate? This demonstrates that the
underlying resiliency and the energy of the stand-alone franchise of the bank is very stable. And
this is what something that all of us have witnessed over the last 30 years.
So this should be a bit of a positive for all of us, whether inside or externally, that the resiliency
of institution continues despite a very adverse macro condition. What's the focus that we are
now focusing internally? The key focus over the medium to long term, the medium as I define
it between 2 and 3 years, is to focus on improving our profitability metrics defined as the ROAs
and the earnings per share. To achieve that, what is key is to ensure the most important focus is
the sustainability of our deposits franchise, especially the retail deposits franchise.
And that's going to be achieved not because of any shortcuts that we can take. Yes, there is a
price environment. There's a market intensity. There's a competitive environment that is there.
That's a reality. But how do we ensure that we are on par with some of the key players in the
market and we don't try and overprice ourselves or don't bid for some of these deposits, that is

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
the strength of the franchise. We have done that and probably as we go along, and that will be
reflected in some of the financial metrics of the organization. The key to this sustainable
momentum is our enhanced customer engagements and elevated service-first culture.
We are not saying that after 30 years, obviously, there's a reason why we have reached this kind
of excellence in this deposit mobilization franchise, but we have realized that if you have to be
even better, the only way is to elevate the customer service-first culture and we have a lot of
measurement and monitoring mechanism in place internally for that. So the intensity of the same
is going to be heightened and that's what we're driving and that's somewhere reflected even in
this tighter environment that we have seen. We will continue to invest in distribution, in people
and technology.
In fact, our operating leverage will be harnessed over a period of time to using enhanced tech
and digital infrastructure. It's not something new, but we have always emphasized not just now,
but for a long period of time that we are not a quantity player, whether for liabilities or whether
for assets as well. Our focus is on quality, which is a balance between risk and margins. In
several cases and several points of time, we have demonstrated that whenever there are any
adverse or early indicators on the risk side, we tend to grow slow or if there is heightened
competition or irrational competition, both on the liabilities and assets side, we are happy to give
up that kind of a share.
So we're happy to grow slow. These kinds of gyrations will be there, not just now but even in
the future. And so these are the kind of adjustments that we tend to do. But we have seen in the
past that hardball price-based strategy is not a sustainable strategy. This will also pass. And I
guess, over a period of time, people who continue to stay and not vacate the place will survive
and will thrive as well.
I know a lot of you are very eager to get some guidance and outlook on some of the metrics, and
I don't blame you all for that. And it is something that probably is necessary for your model
building. But unfortunately, we have realized that it's not just now but even in the past, that
providing a guidance is something kind of a distraction towards our long-term objectives. We
would like to stay focused. So we shall -- I know you will try and ask for a lot of outlooks and
guidances in various ways, during the course of this call, I'm sure.
But we will be steadfast in trying to ensure that we don't give them. I know you will scream
saying that we are continuing to carry on truisms and not giving any tangible outlook, but I can
assure you that we will have an anchor in terms of the profitability metrics, which is the medium-
to long-term view, which I can say is, which is already there in the deck, which is pretty healthy
but with a bias of -- on an increasing trajectory.
The quarter 4 results are a manifestation of the hard work of the entire workforce of HDFC Bank
and ably led by the leadership team. It's a great opportunity for me to thank each one of my staff,
which -- all my ground force for rallying around despite the challenging macro environment. If
you've seen the deck, I would like to just summarize that we continue to gain market share in
deposits, despite and not -- and I think it will be visible that we have kept the cost of deposits
rather range bound.

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
Our asset growth has adjusted to recoup the liquidity buffer. So if you've seen for the full year,
the incremental credit deposit ratio or loan deposit ratio is more or less similar to what we have
always done. In fact, the advances mix is more or less towards better yielding segments like
retail and CRB.
We did have one-off gains during the quarter, but we have nullified the impact with an equivalent
one-off provision. Our asset quality continues to be very pristine. All our portfolios across
segments, including early indicators, continue to be benign. We have, as a part of prudent risk
management, created a countercyclical provision, which is a provision in good times. And this
is something that we have done in the past, and this is one of our philosophies right through.
There is a certain rationale for creating these provisions, which we will sort of call out when you
-- during the Q&A. We believe that such provisions really enhances the resilience of the balance
sheet. I think even after adjusting all these one-offs and nullifying the same, the core return on
assets is in the range that we've operated in the past, and that should be a great indicator for the
future as well.
So I think we will pause, I'll pause, and the three of us are here to take more questions from
anyone of you. Thank you.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Thank you, Sashi. Let's open up the line for questions and so that we can take it as it comes
along.
Moderator: Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama.
Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania: Thanks Sashi for the opening remarks. My first question, I know you said you will not give
guidance, but if you see our deposit mobilization, it has been very strong. It came out in the
business update. And the interest expenses for the 2 quarters are not very different from each
other.
So do we see a bulk of the expenses of this quarter -- or fourth quarter's mobilization coming
into the first quarter? And also in terms of LDR, I mean I think you possibly laid out in the
beginning about retail deposit mobilization being a key focus. But still, in terms of LDR, would
you want to reach 100 or below in an accelerated fashion?
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Mahrukh, good to hear from you. Let me try and answer the latter question first. As I mentioned,
the focus is primarily going to be trying to see how we can focus on the core retail deposit
franchise. And obviously, when we talk about the core retail, it's largely the small granular
deposit set, it is the key there. But for us, the way we define retailers, what are the kind of
segments which are there around the branch catchments and which is there and also what is
already there in the portfolio.
When we talk about the retail momentum, obviously, we have a certain market, which you have
alluded. We try to ensure that we -- the price point at which we offer is on par with some of the
larger banks that offer similar rates, and we are not an outlier. Just because we need to have this
as an imperative, doesn't mean that we will go out to pay anything that comes about. As I

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
mentioned as a part of the opening remarks, we are not in that price game at all. And one of the
reasons that you're seeing a little bit of stability in the cost of funds between 2 quarters is a
resultant of maintaining parity and equivalence in terms of the rates that we offer across our
segments.
As regards the loan deposit ratio, yes, our priority is to raise as much as possible. But obviously,
it has to be subject to the liquidity environment and the competitive environment. As and when
it becomes benign, obviously, we can raise more. But if it is going to be intense, then we will
have only a certain proportion to raise. While the quarter 4 mobilization is extremely healthy, I
must sort of upfront tell you that there are some transitory involuntary flows that will also come
in, which is obviously more than what we had anticipated. But even adjusting for that, the retail
ones are rather healthy, which is there in the deck. So will I be able to maintain this kind of
momentum, etcetera?
As you know, you take a long-term average of over 6 years or so, there is a certain proportion
of total deposits, which come in Q1, which is probably the lowest as a proportion. Q2 and Q3
are more similar in terms of proportion and the largest part of the proportion in a year comes in
the fourth quarter, and which is what we have. And this is not something anything different from
what we see in the banking system.
This is a very similar pattern that is there, plus or minus some kind of a change. So the LDR is
a function of what we mobilize. And obviously, if you have to commit the loans, it has to be out
of our core franchise, the core mobilization and not transitory mobilization. You probably know
this much better.
We also have -- or we would be having bond maturities erstwhile HDFC Limited, which will
mature every year. And there is a maturity pattern, which is there for next year. So the first
priority is to keep reserves and the balance is to repay some of the bond maturities. And if you -
- and the balance and the residue is where we will deploy in our core assets.
So willy-nilly, all things remaining same, your LDR or incremental LDR will be a tad lower for
a couple of years than what we have seen in the past because we have this obligation of repaying
some of the bond maturities. So is that going to be hampered? I feel not because as long as we
maintain discipline on ensuring that we don't go below price point on the yield on certain
products across customer segments, as long as we don't go above a certain threshold on the
pricing of liabilities, I think we'll be able to maintain stability in our margins and at the same
time, we may have other levers, which will come our way to offset some of the lower LDRs
going forward. So this is a broad outlook. I'm not going to fall into the trap of giving any number
outlook, but this is -- you can guess by now, that this is the general thought process that we have.
Mahrukh Adajania: Thank you very much. That was very helpful. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranav from Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Pranav Gundlapalle: Thank you for the presentation. I have two questions. First is regarding the earlier comments on
the pricing discipline, Sashi, I think, how does the bank gain comfort that it's irrational
competition and not a new normal in terms of competitive intensity? Especially given that for

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
most part of the last decade, we had a large part of the sector almost missing in action, right? So
that is one.
And second question is on the PSL. How is the bank positioned on the PSL front? And should
we expect any sort of an impact, big impact when the requirements on the erstwhile HDFC
portfolio picks in later this year? Thank you.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: So thank you, Pranav. The fact is that I cannot sort of predict how the competition is going to
behave. All I can tell you is we have sufficient history, which suggests that the price-based
competition or price-based strategy is not a sustainable strategy, and it's only a short-term
strategy at the most. We have seen it in the mid of 2000s on a certain asset product.
We see -- we have seen it in multiple products over the years, and we have a rich experience to
that effect. Frankly, as I said over the last months, we have been witness to this. We have actually
experienced rather intensely, the competitive environment, which also borders on some amount
of, what should I say, heightened rate wars on the liability side because liquidity was tight and
probably there were a lot of other compulsions for other competitive players, which forced them
to sort of price their deposits higher.
But I mean since the most infamous quarter three, where all of you have probably done a lot of
research, frankly, Q3 was actually a classical quarter where we chose or elected not to do so.
Now can I predict this that this will not happen? Absolutely not.
But I can tell you one thing that none of the organizations will have the ability to continue this
kind of heightened irrational pricing for a long period of time. It is important for us to be focused,
continue to get the granular momentum, principally out of our product and service offerings,
which is the reason why one of the strategic objectives that we have laid out as an organization
is to elevate the customer service culture.
Let me explain it in very simple terms what we mean by that. Frankly, as you -- probably all of
you know that I have now travelled rather well over the last 18 months across the length and
breadth of the country. We have a fantastic team at the ground level. We are very proud of them.
I'm very proud of the leadership team at the ground level. I think there is a kind of a congruence
in terms of the strategic goals of focusing on granular deposits, focusing on service-first culture.
Now to a customer, the customers' needs are very limited. He would either have a financial need
in the form of an account, opening a savings account or a checking account or he may need an
insurance, he may probably need to deploy his surpluses in mutual funds or in equity instruments
or any other alternative instruments or even have a need for a loan, it could be any kinds of loan.
The fact that the bank has now with mortgages, the entire suite of product offering, all that is
needed is how do we respond in a manner that depicts a lot of respect to the customer.
The speed of response is what we are looking at. It may be very, in your words, Pranav, very
“truistic”, in terms of very generic and this is not something measurable. I can assure you that
we have a reasonable amount of measurement. We have tasked our supervisory architecture,
which is 10% of the total workforce to -- in their KRAs to be measuring and monitoring all that
comes in from a customer and try and see how we turn it around in the shortest possible time.

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
We have the objectives of the supervisory architectures to ensure that the helpdesk front line
shake the entire organization to be able to wow the customer. And that's the only sustainable
way of ensuring that we get our primary banking from our customers, our higher wallet share.
The very fact that we are incrementally gaining more share than what we have on stock basis. I
mean if you look at the incremental deposit market share, over a period of time, we have gained
more than what we have as a stock, which means that this particular so-called strategy is
working.
We just want to elevate and enhance this. And despite the kind of intense competition, which
continues to be existing or which was there both in quarter three, in quarter four as well. We
have gained reasonable market share means that strategy is going to work and if we just pull up
our socks -- we have a long way to go -- we are not saying we’re there, we are perfect, but that's
the opportunity. And as we execute this to the T, I'm telling you this is going to be one of our
greatest achievements over the next medium to long term. So that's part one.
Part two is on the priority sector. It's not going be easy. Let's face it. We have, if you really look
at our pricing sector obligations and our achievement, I'm not too sure that is where in the public
domain, but probably…
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: It will be published or it will soon be published, because these are -- annually published.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Okay, so Pranav, this will be published. You will see that we have organically, maybe that may
not be visible to you. But I can tell you that we have organically achieved our overall priority
sector and most of the sub-targets as well. There are two particular sub-targets, which are small
and marginal farmers and weaker section, which are joined to the hip. These are the two ones,
which are not so easy to achieve.
And - but having said that the spread at which we have now distributed over the last three, four
years in terms of geography, in terms of focus, by the commercial rural bank team, by the rural
banking team and the sustainable livelihood initiative team, we believe that this typical trajectory
will be going up, but I don't want to sort of give you any false hopes to anybody both internally
and externally.
This is one area that we have to ride on in inorganic ways of meeting these two sub-targets. And
we are pretty much ceased and aware of the impact of when the third of the HDFC book starts
to kick in from October onwards. And it will have an impact, but is it something that we are
going to -- is it already embedded in our plan? Absolutely so.
So when we talk about core profitability metrics, it has subsumed the drag arising out of this. So
I'm not sort of going to be apologetic that we may not be meeting some of the sub-targets rising
on this enhanced addition of the home loan stock in the priority sector reckoning, but we have
factored that in our plans.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: And important to add a couple of things. In order to position ourself, at least in the medium-term
to come, we expanded to 225,000 villages now where we operate. Now we embarked on working
around those villages to go and mine more customers into that. So that the basic foundation has

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
been set in terms of 225,000 villages. We believe we reached that point of where we want to be
to do that. That's one.
Second is, in the recent times, a couple of years ago, we were call it 117,000 small and marginal
farmers. 117,000, that's the number. Due to various mining and various activities, today, we
stand at a little more than 3.5 million small and marginal farmers. So that's at a -- we've
accelerated the pace at which we are getting this, so it's not something in a quarter or in a year,
we could get to where we want to get.
We are inorganically meeting certain things that we need, but we'd love to meet it organically,
that fundamental -- the building blocks for that are laid and that's why we are progressing on
those.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: But let me sort of make it rather practical and pretty much this - however, whatever we do, the
ticket sizes of small and marginal farmers and weaker sections are going to be small. So even if
-- and there is a finite capacity and population of this in the universe where we can have a share,
even if we were to nibble away more share, that number times the ticket size that we can do will
still not meet the regulatory thresholds that are asked for. So I'm being realistic that we have to
as much as possible try and comply that through inorganic means.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: At an aggregate level the overall PSL for March '24, is published or to be published, we are a
little more than 52% achieved at the -- against the target of 40%. And at the same time, last year,
if you see March '23, we were about 45% achievement. Now we have enhanced that be closer
to a little more than 52% achievement.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Thank you.
Pranav Gundlapalle: Thanks a lot.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Thank you, Pranav.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah, Citi Group. Please go ahead.
Kunal Shah: Yes. Firstly, with respect to the borrowings, there was a rundown. But maybe if you can help
both with respect to the borrowings as well as the deposits in terms of the average, so would we
have got the benefit of this entire borrowings rundown through the fiscal or this was also more
towards the end of the quarter? And similarly, if you can highlight the average LCR, that could
also help maybe period-end this 115-odd percent, yes?
Sashidhar Jagdishan: See whilst, I will have Srini and Bhavin to get in with the actual numbers, but what I remember
is, see, there are two types of borrowings. There are these normal treasury borrowings, which is
in the -- which are market borrowings in the shorter end of curve, which is for day-to-day
liquidity management, short-term management, which sort of moves up and down depending on
the short-term flows, the transitory flow that we would be getting into the bank. So the period-
end number, which probably is what you're looking at, which is slightly larger of almost about
700 or 750.

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: 750, out of which INR29,000 crores is either commercial paper or term borrowings that came
from HDFC Limited and the rundown. The rest are treasury activities because towards the end,
there is a treasury activity. You can see that there is also cash, huge cash that we were carrying
at quarter end. And so treasury manages that size of the balance sheet. But 29,000, on an average
about 15,000 is what changed on that line.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: So Kunal, what if you are looking at, this is not the high cost borrowings of erstwhile HDFC
Limited, which ran off. In fact, the CPs were a part of that stock, but the cost of the CPs, as you
know, is rather smaller as compared to some of the long-term bonds. And since the bank cannot
sort of have CPs on its books and this is something that is a part of forbearance, therefore, we
have let it go. So this is the high-cost borrowing maturities, which is what probably you're
looking at, will start to happen from FY '25 onwards.
Kunal Shah: Sure. And second, in terms of lending grades and incremental spreads, so have we increased the
lending rates across the product segments and just trying to make sure that our incremental
spreads are very near to what are the reported one. And as you highlighted in terms of the levers
to offset the LDR contraction, would lending rate be one of them? And have we taken some
action in the last two, three months on that front?
Sashidhar Jagdishan: No, you're right. I mean, see the -- we realized that if we have to ration the funding mobilization
into -- and deploy a part of it, build liquidity buffers and then the residue is what we need to do,
the best way is to increase the threshold yields across customer segments and that's what we
have done. But let me also bring in a little bit of reality check out here. Is it something that I can
continue to do every quarter? May not be, because there is a market which is there, which is real,
and there is -- beyond some point in time, we may not even get some of the loans. So I think we
have done whatever we had to do until now. Maybe there is some small probabilities of
increasing rates is there across segments, but nothing significant.
But you're right, I think as of now, we are at respectable levels. And if we see the -- if you don't
see any incremental cost of funds moving up, then we should sort of have stability in the yields
as we have at the moment. But if there are changes in the interest rate environment, in the interest
rate competitive environment, on the funding side, we may have to re-examine the incremental
yields on loans across customer segments as well. And some part of it, which we have -- you
have seen, say, in the corporate segment, which is showing a degrowth and some other products
as well, is a function where we have elected not to participate because the yields have -- in the
market have been much lower than our threshold levels as well.
So if I'm not too sure whether I've answered what you are looking out for. Yes, yields have been
one of the levers to bring down the LDR and we will use it as long as -- and we probably will
use it even in future if the situation demands.
Kunal Shah: Sure. And if I can squeeze in one last question on this ex-gratia provisioning of INR50,000-odd
crores, what is that related to? Is it...
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Yes, yes, I will. I will. I'm happy that you've asked this question.
I think we have -- as you know the institution has consummated one of the most complex and

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
largest mergers with erstwhile HDFC Limited. It was – there was a lot of hard work that
happened both to the run up to the merger and also at that point in time and subsequent to that
on a much larger balance sheet, I think -- and overlaid by a very complex and a very adverse
liquidity situation in the system, I think the teams have rallied to adjust to this new norm, the
new entity, as I was just mentioning in the opening remark and also they work hard. They have
worked hard after being battered from all fronts -- at the ground level. I think this is just to ensure
that -- and as you know even, in the last couple of years, we've had a heightened attrition as well.
It is our endeavour to ensure that the large part of our ground workforce, which is 90% of the
total manpower is motivated, and this is a way of trying to say thank you to them. And this is
not recurring. This is going to be a onetime ex-gratia that we have provided for. And why not,
we had a one-off gain. And I thought this is a way to motivate the young workforce and on a
onetime basis. So that's the objective.
Kunal Shah: Okay. Thanks and all the best.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Joshi from Autonomous. Please go
ahead.
Chintan Joshi: Thank you. Can I ask a big picture question and then a follow-up on this lending rate point that
we just discussed? HDFC has had a fantastic track record over the last two decades of growing
faster than most of the other private sector banks, increasing market share like no one else in the
system. You are at pretty good levels, 11% plus on deposits... you have a fantastic track record
over the last two decades and the market shares have built up as a result. From here, if you think
about the next decade, do you still think HDFC is a bank that can outgrow the private sector? Or
is it now more about playing on scale and getting the scale benefits rather than trying to grow
faster than the rest of the sector? That was the first one, and I have a follow-up on the lending
rates.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: See, yes, as I mentioned in the opening remark, Chintan, we have a great distribution. We have
our complete bouquet of products and services. So we have the energy to offer and gain this kind
of -- and we have been acquiring customers with the spread and also with the hunger. And that's
one of the reasons why we have been, as long as competition is rational, as long as the price
points are reasonable, I think we are happy to participate and that's the period that will reflect
the gain of market share.
Now since you're talking -- asking for a long-term perspective, as I mentioned even in the
previous question, we strongly believe that competition, and you go by the past track record also
apart from pockets of exuberance, which probably will not last too long. And assuming the
competitive intensity continues to be the same, as long as the pricing is rational, I think we have
all the elements to ensure that we continue to gain market share or nibble market share. Now
you used the word private sector banks. I'm not talking about just private sector, I'm talking
about nibble away share from the banking system at large because there are many players out
there.

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
There are some who probably may be offering similar kinds of products and services, some may
not be. So obviously, wherever there is a gap in product and service offering, is where our
strength comes in. But I can assure you that the focus that we have been getting in, in terms of
more, which is a lot more hard work than shortcuts that one would normally take in terms of, as
I mentioned in the previous question, the speed of reaction, speed of response.
Ensuring that we have a priority in terms of service-first culture, all that is necessarily going to
benefit in the medium to long term because this is what the customer wants, and this is exactly
what we want to do. We want to move away or we want to ensure that this is the core focus and
not sort of a push-based mechanism at all. So in the 10 years, I think, if you see, currently, I'm
not too -- I don't have the numbers, but I think our market share on deposits would be somewhere
between 10% and 11%.
Okay, maybe slightly around that. Okay, slightly about 11%. So we may -- you may think that
we are a large bank. At 10%, we are very small, actually. So the largest bank in the country is
having a market share of almost about 20% plus. So the gap is very large. There's a huge amount
of opportunity. And so, as long as we stay focused, keep our heads down and just focus on our
long-term strategic objectives of just customers in mind, frankly, we don't see any reason why
we should not continue the way we have done in the past in terms of gaining incremental market
share.
As I said, all this is -- there will be short-term period, as we have seen in first quarter, as we have
seen in the fourth quarter where there would be some amount of irrational pricing. In such
periods of time, we may not grow, we may elect or choose to grow slow. And these are things
that you will have to factor in and not sort of question as to what happened.
So -- but in the medium to long term on a longer trajectory, absolutely, this is going to be our
core focus and everything else revolves around this core strategy. So if that is going to be the
focus, then I -- here, this outlook, I'm happy to even sort of provide that over the next 10-year
period. Will we continue to gain share? Absolutely.
Chintan Joshi: And that leads nicely into the second one, which is, on the competitive dynamic, every bank that
we've listened to in the last two, three quarters has been complaining about deposit competition
about cost of funds, irrational pricing. And HDFC took the step of trying, increasing the
threshold lending rates. When that happened, what kind of reaction did you see from your
competitors? Did you see them following you to a degree in raising the lending rates? Or you
just kind of outright lost some of the lending opportunities? What was the competitive outcome
of that?
Sashidhar Jagdishan: So Chintan, good question. The reality is that in the shorter period, there would be multiple
objectives of each of the banks, which would determine whether they follow or not follow. So
as we have seen practically, there were banks, which were happy to follow us and there were
banks which did not follow us.
Now obviously, these compulsions are there and these compulsions would play out to know
whether this is going to be sustainable or not only in the medium to long term. So since you

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
asked the question specifically as to what were the reactions, I'm telling you there were equal
amount of people who sort of followed us in terms of raising some of the rates because I guess
they were all waiting for the leader to take the initiative and there were others who did not do so
as well, which is reflected in some of the segments degrowing.
Chintan Joshi: If the short-term gyration kind of plays out, if you're consistently using this higher threshold
lending prices, that might be encouraging the system to kind of follow suit or is that being too
optimistic?
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Yes, absolutely, Chintan.
Chintan Joshi: Okay.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Completely agree. This is what I believe if -- should be there. And I think time will tell us. Time
will play out -- we'll have to wait and watch how this plays out.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: I would add one thing. If you look at even the AA or the AAA names if you see, the bond spreads
in the market, the movement of bond spreads, even this quarter it's been up and if you look at it
over a period of six months or nine months, the bond spreads did go up. But the loan spreads are
lagging, right, and we do see some of the competition pricing far lower than the cost of deposits
itself. So that's in terms of how we have. We've been rational to be following this, but you can
compare the bond spreads and see how they are going up and not the loan spreads.
Chintan Joshi: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Goldman Sachs. Please go
ahead.
Rahul Jain: Thank you. Good evening Sashi. Good evening Srini. Sorry for bad throat. Just wanted to put
across some thoughts and would be painting some scenarios if I may. What I've heard you, Sashi,
so far speak it appears to me is that we are -- we seem to be in a balance sheet fixing mode and
we would sort of use all the possible levers to bring the LDR down?
And in that context, what you talked about margins versus LDR in response to previous
questions. So I want to check with you, we saw 4 basis point of margin expansion with quarter
basis in your presentation.
And that also corresponded into the LDR drop. If we see scope for further margin expansion, do
we get to a scenario where the LDR drops could be even more meaningful as we move forward,
of course, subject to wherever there is a scope given that there are contractual obligations in
place. So that's question number one.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Okay, let me answer the question number one. See, as I said, -- I'm not sort of keeping a certain
anchor on a margin and working out a strategy. This is -- that is never -- as I probably said it in
the opening remarks we just want to have one anchor because a margin and Rahul, you probably
know this much better is a function of the demand from each of the customer segment.
It's a function of the pricing behavior in each of the segments and the competition at that point

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
in time. Three, it's a function of the business mix. And so I don't want to have that as an anchor
at all. But having said that we are very clear that we're not going to chase growth for the sake of
growth.
In the past, there have been some periods of customer engagement and customer commitments,
but now that we have absolute control on the ship post the merger, we are very clear that we'll
deploy basis what we mobilize. So the -- I believe and as I mentioned a few minutes ago that
from here on I believe the margin, even if it's stable is something that will be delighted because
we want to ensure that the cost of incremental deposits continues to be range bound and then
whatever thresholds we have laid out a -- little bit of tweaking.
We will ensure that the margins either remain stable. And the business mix is what will then
determine the margin movement also because if I continue to have more / higher proportion of
retail and CRB, all things remaining same it will have a positive impact on the margin. So that's
not something that we are focusing.
We want to -- as I said we want to anchor our thought process in terms of seeing stability of
metrices with a positive bias moving slowly and surely over the next 2 years to 3 years. So I'm
not sort of giving any outlook on that, but I'm very clear that I want to maintain stability. We are
not going down the risk ladder to oust as well and neither are we going to go down the price
ladder anymore.
So if we have to sort of drop off some volumes, so be it, okay. Profitability is extremely
important. It has to make economic sense otherwise no, all things remaining same. The fact that
now we have a perfect control or we have the control on our assets and liability movements, the
margin accretion should be a function of how we substitute our bonds that come up for maturity
over a period of time with deposits.
And that is where you will start to see that kind of momentum. But you have to be patient because
these are things that will happen only on defined time lines. It's not something that I can call. So
it has to be a gradual path. In the meantime, if the organization grows, builds stability on its
metrics including the core ROA and earnings at over a 2-year to 3-year period, has a positive
trajectory.
I think, that's a big positive for us because, when in the medium-to-long term, when you have
subsequently and finally exhausted the high-cost bonds. trust me we would have not just
liquidity, we will have the ability to unleash growth with profitability coming back to the pre-
merger levels as well on a core basis.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: CASA mix is also one of the important elements in this and that's not what we can drive. It's a
customer propensity and customer preference in terms of what the mix of between CASA and
the TD they need, and we are balanced in offering.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: In a high interest rate scenario, Rahul, normally, you probably go back in time, the CASA ratios
have been a little tepid. And this is exactly what we have been seeing because incrementally we
are seeing in the system as well, people are spending, people are moving monies into other
alternative instruments.

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
So effectively, the household savings themselves have also started to come down. So these are
structural changes that are happening. But having said that, these are things that is there at a
system level. We can't be cribbing. I think we have enough opportunity to incrementally gain
share even on CASA and that's our endeavour. And that's something that you have to look at it
on a longer-term basis.
Rahul Jain: Thanks. Very helpful. The other question was on the cost of deposits and deposit mobilization
given that the system is still pretty much operating in a tight liquidity environment, the rates are
still pretty much elevated. You talked about pressure on household savings, the alternatives, is
it the interest rate sensitive, alternatives are also very high. We have a kind of -- it seems that
the cost of deposits has stabilized for us. It was down, as per presentation marginally in this
quarter.
So does it mean that we will not be seeing an increase now, we've kind of stabilized on that?
And if market -- if the competition is bidding up for deposits, we might choose to let go off like
the way we did it in the third quarter. And therefore, the cost of deposit is something that you
have control over or how would you react to it?
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Great question. If there is irrational competition absolutely and we will not be apologetic. As I
said, while most of you did not like what we did in quarter 3, the reality was there was sort of
heightened war on deposits and which we elected not to chase. But having said that, if you've
seen over the last 12 months I think there has been stability in the rates that we offer across
tenors on our retail deposits whether it's the granular retail deposits or some higher ticket sizes
as well.
We have not changed and it's pretty much reflected in the stability in the cost of deposits. But if
there are changes because you never know the, life is very uncertain. What's happening in the
Middle East is also extremely uncertain. How that sort of impacts global rate scenarios and hence
has a ripple effect on India, is something that we have to watch.
And if there is continued hawkish stance on the monetary policy and we continue to see rates
elevated at the system level and probably that also leads to a little bit of tightening on the
liquidity. These are aspects that we really would not have a handle on. And if all the other large
competitive banks were to raise rates, we cannot be an outlier.
We have to maybe match to that, but it doesn't mean that beyond that, I mean, where we will not
chase is beyond the card rates. If at all even we chase then, of course, we will have to chase even
the threshold yields on our loans as well.
But beyond the card rates, even if we were to change the rate, would we be chasing bid base
deposits? Absolutely no. There is a certain proportion we will patronize because our customer
segment is across multiple segments. It ranges from individuals to corporates and there is a
certain proportion that we have always patronized.
I think largely about 84% to 85% is retail and non-retail is about 15% to 16%. As long as we
maintain this balance, I think we are all right. But do we go to extra mile to go for volatile bid
based transitory flows? Not really.

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
Rahul Jain: Very helpful Sashi. Just one last question I would like to squeeze in with regards to the
provisioning that we have done in this quarter to absorb and to offset the gain through Credila
stake sale. News reports also talked about you are looking to be maybe in a sell stake in HDB
Financial Services.
So just wanted to understand the choice of provisions that you've made here, floating provision,
which is generally very hard to dip into without RBI approval. So next year again the core credit
cost doesn't come down, it remains in that band, so shareholders don't get to benefit from these
stake sales even now or in the future.
And when the merger happened there was an impact on the book value because of these
investments. So what's the thinking that the management team is having here? Why floating and
why not contingent provisions that can be used in the future?
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Very happy that you asked this because that's exactly what we wanted to convey. Floating
provision is actually a counter cyclical provision which is made in good times. It does not reflect
anything that's adverse in the portfolio or in our early indicators at all. We have a pristine asset
quality.
Our early indicators across segments are even better and that is pretty much what we had
anticipated. So unlike in a contingent provision which is precautionary in nature against certain
standard exposures that may possible because of certain potential contingent events could slip
into the delinquent buckets in stress scenarios, that is the reason why we provide contingent. But
here we don't have any - - what shall I say -- any reason to do that is contingent. We've put in a
floating. We are very much cognizant of the fact that we have to take prior approval of RBI,
which reflects the fact that the resiliency of our balance sheet and our credit portfolio, which
means that if the organization has taken the courage to put it in floating, it all means that things
are pretty good and that is what we want to convey.
Rahul Jain: Can this be used in an event of ECL implementation?
Sashidhar Jagdishan: No. See, the point is, I think the bank's pricing and the bank's financials are such that it prices
for the expected credit loss. The contingent is something that is very specific on certain events
or certain potential events that may happen or may not happen, so that's contingent event.
Floating is something that you will dip in when there are some adverse unanticipated events in
the future. You don't do it because you're anticipating anything, but you do it because you want
to bring in resiliency and you are actually trying to say that in good times, why do you want to
be there is of course a lot of debate in literature whether / why don't you take it straight to profits.
I'm sure a lot of people on the call who probably would be thinking it’s better to I would have
loved this going into the book straight. In fact, you should sort of probably come up -- and I'm
telling you that you can consider this as a deemed book, a deemed attrition to book.
But having said that, I believe that this is not something that we will invoke for a long time to
come. This is something -- an investment for the future. It is only getting the balance sheet

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
stronger so that you are protected any unanticipated movement say, 5 years, 10 years, 15 years,
20 years from now and we are not going to be apologetic of doing so.
But is it something that we'll be doing every time we have a one-off? Sorry, that's not what I'm
trying to say. This is something that we have taken a call now and we will evaluate periodically
as and when any further instances happen in the future.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: And for now this qualifies for Tier 2 capital within regulatory limits, and so it is part of the Tier
2 capital and total capital as a floating provision.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: And it sort of now is about 0.5% of the total loan book as we speak?
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Yes, the floating position is about 50 basis points. The contingent provision is about 59 basis
points combined about 109 basis points within reasonable limits of...
Rahul Jain: Thank you so much. Very helpful. Thanks for being patient and responding to my question,
Good job to you and your team and good luck for the future.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Thank you, Rahul. Thank you very much.
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, the last question is from the line of
Santanu Chakrabarti from BNP Paribas.
Santanu Chakrabarti: Thank you for the opportunity. First off, congratulations on a strong show, especially on the
retail deposit front. I have 2 questions. And parts of this discussion have been reported before.
But I just wanted to clarify your thinking on the incremental loan growth dynamic, just want to
put to get any uncertainties about this?
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Absolutely. Let me do this. I mean, you're talking about the…
Santanu Chakrabarti: Just a moment, I'm saying that if, for example, corporate loans rising was a little better this
quarter, it was 15 basis points better on the 5% that you've let go. Would it have changed your
appetite? Or if your credit strategy tethered really to LDR? I just want to get clarity on this. At
the margin, is pricing the primary driver of whether you do that extra 3%, 4%? Or is LDR the
primary consideration? I have another question about the CRB business, but if you continue with
this, then we can move on.
Bhavin Lakhpatwala: Santanu, for each of the segment, we have a risk-based pricing model. And if within the risk-
based pricing model, if any business comes in, that is how the allocation of capital and liquidity
happens. And so it's very theoretical to say, if corporate was at 15 basis points higher, it will
depend again on which corporate customer, which segment, which -- whether it's an existing or
a new customer and a variety of things, which is taken into consideration before an allocation of
liquidity or capital happens. So it's not an LD or CD ratio driven to say we're going to reduce
here or reduce there. Obviously, if I have a lower liquidity, then where I'm going to get a higher
risk reward is how the allocation will happen. But it is not purely pricing or margin, as you have
mentioned.

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
Santanu Chakrabarti: Right. So that's exactly what I wanted to get clarified because it's getting kind of interpreted, I
guess, among some quarters that it's primarily LDR-driven, right. So just wanted to get clarity
on deposits part.
My second question relates to the CRB business. Now obviously, it seems to be going pretty
well in terms of growth. And of course, again, it's key to your PSL compliance and, of course,
down the line margin defense and expansion hopefully. So what I really appreciate is, if you
could provide some texture on strategic products. I mean, what's happening maybe some
geographical sense, maybe some product sense, so that we can get a little more granular sense
of where the growth is coming from? And what are you hopeful about, what are you watching
out for?
Sashidhar Jagdishan: So on the geographic sense, we need to get back to you because I don't have off hand or the team
probably, at this juncture, in this call, may not have the details of geography, but we can probably
sort of mail that to you separately or put it up in the domain later. But if you really look at the
focus in CRB, we're very clear that considering the fact that this is one of the significant feeders
for our priority sector requirements. The growth has come in from the priority sector segments
such as the micro enterprises, such as the small and marginal farmers and also in terms of the --
or the agri -- other agri customer segments and the weaker section, which is a sustainable
livelihood initiative segments as well.
Business Banking-- there are other medium enterprises and large ticket smaller enterprises,
which have seen tepid growth, which is in line with what we have been focusing. I mean we
need to ensure, as I said, we stepped up our threshold levels, the wheels, last quarter, and we are
happy to sort of see growth coming in only from the segments that I mentioned, if we have to
even pay down some of the larger ticket sizes, even in the CRB segment, so be it. So the
geography spread, we will come back to you later, but this is a broad composition of segments
which has seen healthy growth during this particular quarter.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: I'll add so that you can put that to rest. We did expand our small and medium enterprise business
to 715 districts across the country. We also mentioned about the 225,000 villages for certain
agriculture and allied product distribution. And so what we saw is that the overall asset growth
is a reflection of the efforts of each business group to accelerate new customer acquisition,
particularly in the deeper geography, where the competition is less.
And we can get at the right price point that we like and at the quality that we like as opposed to
only playing around with the metro and urban area, where the competition could be high from
the price point of view. We would like the quality, but the price could be detrimental to what we
like. And so this balanced approach of expanding to various geographies is what has played out
in terms of getting this origination.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: And mind you, just to add or conclude to what Srini has just mentioned, we are very clear, our
underwriting policies are very consistent. So even getting into deeper geography is at our --
within our policy parameters. We don't go down to the risk ladder just because we are in deeper
geographies as well.

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
Santanu Chakrabarti: Perfect. If I might crave your indulgence with a small follow-up. So obviously, you've held back
on your branch expansion a little bit, does that impact the plans for CRB in any way in the next
2, 3 years -- longer time line.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: My dear friend, I know all of you are taunting me because I may have in my exuberance given
my vision and you all have taken that guidance saying that I would like to achieve. I do not know
somewhere, some number, I may have stated in the past or some other at the time of the merger,
announcing the merger. While that is the vision, it doesn't mean that people are implementing,
there is a certain practical reality.
It's not -- as I mentioned, we are not going to cringe on branch expansion just because it's going
to increase my cost or increase my cost to earnings because these are strategic imperatives and
we are not going to cringe on some of these strategic expenditures, whether it's distribution,
whether it's technology, whether it's appropriate levels of people as well.
But having said that, the quantum of branches that we can open depends on multiple factors.
One of them being the bandwidth in terms of what we can set up in terms of finding the right
place, the right location, having the commensurate -- meeting regulatory requirements in terms
of what we can add, in terms of the unbanked rural centers and also the opportunities in terms
of finding the right manpower and a lot of other aspects and factors as well. So there are times
where we have had the energy to do much more, which we demonstrated, say, maybe, I think,
last year.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Last year, 1,481.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: 1,481. This year, it's somewhere close...
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: 917.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Closer to 1,000. We did prior to that about somewhere about 700. So it varies, but I think the
pace of branch expansion is -- has gone up maybe in the recent past as against what we did. Yes,
I mean I realized that whilst the endeavour is to increase and step up the distribution because
ultimately, it doesn't mean that the mobilization is just a function of branches, it is important.
But look at the productivity. Our productivity has been going up as well, which means that
whatever we have been opening, we are not compromising on letting the productivity down. So
the branch adjusted for the HDFC Limited acquisition of deposits, if you look at the -- maybe
the deck, I think the deck may have it or if not, I'll tell you, last year was about 260 -- 2.6 billion.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: INR260 crores.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: INR260-odd crores per branch. Now it is about INR270 crores per branch adjusted for the
merger, the deposits that came in from HDFC Limited as well. So which means that our branch
strategy is actually working because India is a large country. We still believe the potential is
there to expand. There is -- look at it, the large part of India, which is about 60% to 70% of India
is in the semi-urban and rural geographies.

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
Whilst the per capita is still low, but it is growing and it will grow fast. So we want to put up
investments now. These are all investments for the future. This is not something that's going to
contribute significantly to our deposit mobilization now. But it will in 5 years, in 10 years and
15 years, these are going to be significant drivers of deposit mobilization. So we are not cringing
on that.
We would love to add more, but obviously, there's a finite capacity in terms of the various factors
that I just mentioned. So yes, there are several things that are possible. We would love to do
more, but it's not something, don't box me, don't count or rather, as I said, I've restated with all
humility that no more guidance. And forget my guidance that I had given, but we will continue
to invest in the distribution architecture. Thank you.
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: We also supplemented -- we have Smart Banking lobbies, 148 of them, which don't count as
branches. But we did add 75 Smart Banking lobbies in this year. So those are different formats
of distribution expansion and reach.
Santanu Chakrabarti: Sir, I can't speak for others, but I'm very happy to hear that personally. Because I think the
momentum you guys have got in CRB clearly, for that to go forward and longer term, if you --
what you're saying indeed comes through in terms of liability mobilization, then it's investment
into the future. So I mean, I'm very happy that your short-term profit considerations don't dry
down.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: No, thank you for that. Let me then -- probably, I think we have gone beyond our normal time,
but let me just sum it up. Look, don't dismiss this franchise. We are going through a period of
transition. It's like the coastal road, which is very close to our place, when people were -- when
it was getting built, we were all sort of having a lot of problems with it or we were trying to
navigate our traffic around it. But now when it's up and running, people are so delighted.
That's the kind of -- we will have our day when the proportion of borrowings comes down. And
when that will be there, we will have enough momentum in terms of funding, which we can then
unleash in terms of growth as well. So -- but it doesn't mean even during this period, as I said
and I maintain that, we will maintain stability on our profitability metrics more so in the ROAs
and the EPS, etcetera, on a core basis, and we will try and ensure that we have a positive bias in
the trajectory over the next 2 to 3 years.
We're rather confident. And I think the entire bank is extremely charged and galvanized. I know
a lot of people probably are wanting to even ask some questions on the senior exits. So I can tell
you that not just now, but go over the last 20 years, we have seen stalwarts who have come in
and gone, but the organization has continued to roll forward, move forward with a lot of energy
and more gusto, which means that what they've created is a very institutionalized organization
with a lot of depth in management, many levels below me.
So we are not person dependent. We are process-driven and process-dependent and that's the
beauty about this organization. It's an auto engine, and this will chug along in any kind of an
environment with the kind of business philosophy that we've always maintained.

Classification - Public
Classification - Public
HDFC Bank Limited
April 20, 2024
Srinivasan Vaidyanathan: Thank you, Sashi, with that. And I appreciate you all joining us today. If you have any more
questions or any other inputs you need, feel free to reach out to us, our Investor Relations team,
Bhavin or Aseem are available. And so will I be available at some point in time whenever you
need. With that, we can sign off for today. Good evening, and have a great weekend. Bye-bye.
Sashidhar Jagdishan: Thank you all. Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Bank Limited, that concludes this conference call. Thank you
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.

Classification - Public