Analyst call on July 27, 2024: Opening Remarks
Certain definitions in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter
alia concerning our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking
statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities
laws including the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forwardlooking
statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory
and regulatory changes, international economic and business conditions, political
or economic instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations or which
affect global or Indian economic conditions, increase in nonperforming loans,
unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or
other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the adequacy of our
allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking products and
services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks,
changes in India’s sovereign rating, as well as other risks detailed in the reports
filed by us with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Any
forward-looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we
believe to be reasonable as of the date of this release. ICICI Bank undertakes no
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date thereof. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results
are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities and
Exchange Commission. These filings are available at www.sec.gov
This release does not constitute an offer of securities.
Page 1 | 24
Mr. Bakhshi’s opening remarks
Thank you. Good evening to all of you and welcome to the ICICI Bank Earnings Call
to discuss the results for Q1 of FY2025. Joining us today on this call are Sandeep
Batra, Rakesh, Ajay, Anindya and Abhinek.
The Indian economy continues to remain resilient as reflected by high frequency
indicators showing growth momentum such as expansion in manufacturing and
services PMI, higher tax collections, real estate buoyancy and pickup in rural
demand, supported by the consistent actions and initiatives of the policymakers.
At ICICI Bank, our strategic focus continues to be on growing profit before tax
excluding treasury through the 360-degree customer centric approach and by
serving opportunities across ecosystems and micromarkets. We continue to
operate within our strategic framework to strengthen our franchise. Maintaining
high standards of governance, deepening coverage and enhancing delivery
capabilities are focus areas for our risk calibrated profitable growth.
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 11.8% year-on-year to 140.80
billion Rupees in this quarter. The core operating profit increased by 11.0% yearon-
year to 154.12 billion Rupees in this quarter. The profit after tax grew by
14.6% year-on-year to 110.59 billion Rupees in this quarter.
Page 2 | 24
Total deposits grew by 15.1% year-on-year and 0.9% sequentially at June 30,
2024. Term deposits increased by 19.9% year-on-year and 3.1% sequentially at
June 30, 2024. During the quarter, average deposits grew by 17.8% year-on-year
and 3.3% sequentially and average current and savings account deposits grew by
9.7% year-on-year and 5.1% sequentially. The Bank’s average liquidity coverage
ratio for the quarter was about 123%.
The domestic loan portfolio grew by 15.9% year-on-year and 3.3% sequentially at
June 30, 2024. The retail loan portfolio grew by 17.1% year-on-year and 2.4%
sequentially. Including non-fund based outstanding, the retail portfolio was 46.3%
of the total portfolio. The business banking portfolio grew by 35.6% yearon-year
and 8.9% sequentially. The SME portfolio grew by 23.5% year-on-year and 4.0%
sequentially. The rural portfolio grew by 16.9% year-on-year and 3.4%
sequentially. The domestic corporate portfolio grew by 10.3% year-on-year and
3.1% sequentially. The overall loan portfolio including the international branches
portfolio grew by 15.7% year-on-year and 3.3% sequentially at June 30, 2024.
The net NPA ratio was 0.43% at June 30, 2024 compared to 0.42% at March 31,
2024 and 0.48% at June 30, 2023. During the quarter, there were net additions of
26.24 billion Rupees to gross NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale, reflecting mainly
the seasonal higher additions in the kisan credit card portfolio and lower recoveries
and upgrades compared to previous quarter. The total provisions during the
quarter were 13.32 billion Rupees or 8.6% of core operating profit and 0.43% of
average advances. The provisioning coverage ratio on NPAs was 79.7% at June
30, 2024. In addition, the Bank continues to hold contingency provisions of 131.00
billion Rupees or about 1.1% of total loans at June 30, 2024.
Page 3 | 24
The capital position of the Bank continued to be strong with a CET-1 ratio of
15.92% and total capital adequacy ratio of 16.63% at June 30, 2024, including
profits for Q1 of 2025.
Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to drive risk calibrated profitable
growth. We believe our focus on customer 360 degree, extensive franchise and
collaboration within the organisation, backed by our focus on enhancing delivery
systems and simplifying processes will enable us to deliver holistic solutions to
customers in a seamless manner and grow market share across key segments. We
will continue to make investments in technology, people, distribution and building
our brand. We are laying strong emphasis on strengthening our operational
resilience for seamless delivery of services to customers. We will remain focused
on maintaining a strong balance sheet with prudent provisioning and healthy levels
of capital. The principles of “Return of Capital”, “Fair to Customer, Fair to Bank” and
“One Bank, One Team” will continue to guide our operations. We remain focused
on delivering consistent and predictable returns to our shareholders.
I now hand the call over to Anindya.
Page 4 | 24
Anindya’s opening remarks
Thank you, Sandeep. I will talk about loan growth, credit quality, P&L details,
growth in digital offerings, portfolio trends and performance of subsidiaries.
A. Loan growth
Sandeep covered the loan growth across various segments. Coming to the growth
across retail products, the mortgage portfolio grew by 14.2% year-onyear and
2.5% sequentially. Auto loans grew by 14.8% year-on-year and 1.7% sequentially.
The commercial vehicles and equipment portfolio grew by 13.9% year-on-year and
2.2% sequentially. Personal loans grew by 24.9% year-on-year and 1.5%
sequentially. The credit card portfolio grew by 31.3% year-on-year and 4.2%
sequentially. The personal loans and credit card portfolio were 9.7% and
4.4% of the overall loan book respectively at June 30, 2024.
The overseas loan portfolio, in US dollar terms, grew by 5.4% year-on-year at June
30, 2024. The overseas loan portfolio was about 2.8% of the overall loan book at
June 30, 2024. The non-India linked corporate portfolio declined by 9.0% or about
24.8 million US dollars on a year-on-year basis. Of the overseas corporate portfolio,
about 92% comprises Indian corporates, 6% overseas corporates with Indian
linkage, 1% comprises companies owned by NRIs or PIOs and balance 1% non-
India corporates.
B. Credit quality
The gross NPA additions were 59.16 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared
to 51.39 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. There were gross NPA additions of
about 7.21 billion Rupees from the kisan credit card portfolio in the current quarter.
Page 5 | 24
We typically see higher NPA additions from the kisan credit card portfolio in the
first and third quarter of a fiscal year. Recoveries and upgrades from gross NPAs,
excluding write-offs and sale, were 32.92 billion Rupees in the current quarter
compared to 39.18 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. The net additions to gross
NPAs were 26.24 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 12.21 billion
Rupees in the previous quarter.
The gross NPA additions from the retail, rural and business banking portfolio were
57.32 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 49.28 billion Rupees in the
previous quarter. These include the KCC NPAs mentioned earlier. Recoveries and
upgrades from the retail, rural and business banking portfolio were 29.33 billion
Rupees compared to 32.17 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. The net additions
to gross NPAs in the retail, rural and business banking portfolios were 27.99 billion
Rupees compared to 17.11 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.
The gross NPA additions from the corporate and SME portfolio were 1.84 billion
Rupees compared to 2.11 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. Recoveries and
upgrades from the corporate and SME portfolio were 3.59 billion Rupees compared
to 7.01 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. There were net deletions of gross
NPAs of 1.75 billion Rupees in the corporate and SME portfolio compared to 4.90
billion Rupees in the previous quarter.
The gross NPAs written-off during the quarter were 17.53 billion Rupees. There
was sale of gross NPAs of 1.14 billion rupees in the current quarter compared to
3.27 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. The sale of NPAs includes about 1.02
billion Rupees in cash.
The non-fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was
35.43 billion Rupees as of June 30, 2024 compared to 36.71 billion Rupees as of
Page 6 | 24
March 31, 2024. The Bank holds provisions amounting to 19.64 billion Rupees
against this non-fund based outstanding.
The total fund based outstanding to all standard borrowers under resolution as per
various guidelines declined to 27.35 billion Rupees or about 0.2% of the total loan
portfolio at June 30, 2024 from 30.59 billion Rupees at March 31, 2024. Of the total
fund based outstanding under resolution at June 30, 2024, 23.25 billion Rupees
was from the retail, rural and business banking portfolio and 4.10 billion Rupees
was from the corporate and SME portfolio. The Bank holds provisions of 8.63 billion
Rupees against these borrowers, which is higher than the requirement as per RBI
guidelines.
Moving on to the P&L details:
C. P&L details
Net interest income increased by 7.3% year-on-year to 195.53 billion Rupees in this
quarter. The net interest margin was 4.36% in this quarter compared to 4.40% in
the previous quarter and 4.78% in Q1 of last year. The impact of interest on income
tax refund on net interest margin was nil in the current and previous quarter and
was 3 bps in Q1 of last year.
The domestic NIM was 4.44% in this quarter compared to 4.49% in the previous
quarter and 4.88% in Q1 of last year. The cost of deposits was 4.84% in this quarter
compared to 4.82% in the previous quarter. Of the total domestic loans, interest
rates on 50% of the loans are linked to the repo rate, 2% to other external
benchmarks and 17% to MCLR and other older benchmarks. The balance 31% of
loans have fixed interest rates.
Page 7 | 24
Non-interest income, excluding treasury, grew by 23.3% year-on-year to 63.89
billion Rupees in Q1 of 2025.
• Fee income increased by 13.4% year-on-year to 54.90 billion Rupees in this
quarter. Fees from retail, rural, business banking and SME customers
constituted about 78% of the total fees in this quarter.
• Dividend income from subsidiaries was 8.94 billion Rupees in this quarter
compared to 2.91 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. The year-on-year increase
in dividend income was primarily due to dividend from ICICI Securities, ICICI
Lombard General Insurance and ICICI Prudential Life Insurance in Q1 of this
year compared to Q1 of last year.
On Costs: The Bank’s operating expenses increased by 10.6% year-on-year in this
quarter compared to 19.0% in FY2024. In Q4 of last year, the year-on-year increase
was 12.9% adjusted for one-off in the previous year’s base, as we had stated on
the earnings call. Employee expenses increased by 12.5% year-on-year in this
quarter, reflecting mainly the impact of annual increments and promotions that
take place during the first quarter of every fiscal year. Non-employee expenses
increased by 9.2% year-on-year in this quarter primarily due to retail business
related and technology expenses. The technology expenses were about 9.3% of
our operating expenses in this quarter. Our branch count has increased by 64 in
the first quarter. We had 6,587 branches as of June 30, 2024.
The total provisions during the quarter were 13.32 billion Rupees, a year-on-year
increase of 3.1% over the provisions of 12.92 billion rupees in Q1 of 2024. This
includes the impact of release of AIF related provisions of 3.89 billion Rupees during
the quarter, pursuant to clarity on the regulatory requirements.
Page 8 | 24
The provisions during the quarter were 8.6% of core operating profit and 0.43% of
average advances compared to 9.3% of core operating profit and 0.49% of average
advances in Q1 of 2024. Adjusting for the AIF provision release and the seasonality
of KCC provisioning which comes in only in Q1 and Q3, the credit cost to advances
would be about 50 bps, which is the adjusted credit cost level we had spoken of in
the earnings calls for the previous two quarters as well.
The provisioning coverage on NPAs was 79.7% as of June 30, 2024. In addition, we
hold 8.63 billion Rupees of provisions on borrowers under resolution. Further, the
Bank continues to hold contingency provision of 131.00 billion Rupees as of June
30, 2024. At the end of June, the total provisions, other than specific provisions on
fund-based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing, were 234.03
billion Rupees or 1.9% of loans.
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 11.8% year-on-year to 140.80
billion Rupees in Q1 of this year.
Treasury gains increased to 6.13 billion Rupees in Q1 from 2.52 billion Rupees in
Q1 of the previous year, primarily reflecting realised and mark-to-market gains in
equities and security receipts.
As you are aware from the first quarter of this year, the revised investment
guidelines have become applicable under which the mark-to-market gain on
investments classified as fair value through P&L flows through the P&L, which was
not getting recognized prior to the introduction of these guidelines, and hence, the
future course of treasury gains will depend on these market movements.
The tax expense was 36.34 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 31.99 billion
Rupees in the corresponding quarter last year. The profit after tax grew by
14.6% year-on-year to 110.59 billion Rupees in this quarter.
Page 9 | 24
Sandeep earlier talked about the capital adequacy position with a CET-1 ratio,
including profits for Q1 of 2025, of 15.92%, Tier 1 ratio of 15.92% and total capital
adequacy ratio of 16.63% at June 30, 2024. These ratios include the impact of
increase in risk-weighted assets for operational risk, which is computed in first
quarter of every fiscal year and also the impact of implementing revised investment
guidelines from the beginning of this fiscal year.
Page 10 | 24
Growth in digital offerings
We continue to enhance the use of technology in our operations to provide
simplified solutions to customers. The Bank has launched an industry-first initiative
‘SmartLock’ that empowers customers to instantly lock/unlock the key banking
services such as UPI, Debit Cards, Credit Cards, with just one click on iMobile Pay.
About 71% of trade transactions were done digitally in Q1-2025. The volume of
transactions done through Trade Online platform grew by 21.5% yearon-year in
Q1-2025.
D. Portfolio information
We have provided details on our retail, business banking and SME portfolio in slides
25 to 32 of the investor presentation.
The loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing corporate and SME
borrowers rated BB and below was 52.86 billion Rupees at June 30, 2024
compared to 55.28 billion Rupees at March 31, 2024. This portfolio was about
0.43% of our advances at June 30, 2024. Other than two accounts, the maximum
single borrower outstanding in the BB and below portfolio was less than 5.00
billion Rupees at June 30, 2024. At June 30, 2024, we held provisions of 8.49 billion
Rupees on the BB and below portfolio compared to 9.03 billion Rupees at March
31, 2024. This includes provisions held against borrowers under resolution included
in this portfolio.
`
The total outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs was 854.12 billion Rupees at June 30,
2024 compared to 770.68 billion Rupees at March 31, 2024. The total outstanding
loans to NBFCs and HFCs were about 7.0% of our advances at June 30, 2024.
During the current quarter, the increase in NBFC portfolio was primarily due to
Page 11 | 24
lending opportunities at better pricing to high rated borrowers and profitable
opportunities in the bond market.
The builder portfolio including construction finance, lease rental discounting, term
loans and working capital was 521.30 billion Rupees at June 30, 2024 compared
to 482.92 billion Rupees at March 31, 2024. The builder portfolio was about 4.3%
of our total loan portfolio. Our portfolio largely comprises well-established builders
and this is also reflected in the sequential increase in the portfolio. About 2.2% of
the builder portfolio at June 30, 2024 was either rated BB and below internally or
was classified as non-performing, compared to 2.7% at March 31, 2024.
E. Consolidated results
The consolidated profit after tax grew by 10.0% year-on-year to 116.96 billion
Rupees in this quarter.
The details of the financial performance of subsidiaries and key associates are
covered in slides 40 to 42 and 62 to 67 in the investor presentation.
The annualised premium equivalent of ICICI Life increased to 19.63 billion Rupees
in Q1-2025 from 14.61 billion Rupees in Q1-2024. The value of new business
increased to 4.72 billion Rupees in Q1-2025 from 4.38 billion Rupees in Q1-2024.
The value of new business margin was 24.0% in Q1-2025 compared to 24.6% in
fiscal 2024. The profit after tax of ICICI Life increased by 8.7% year-on-year to
2.25 billion Rupees in Q1-2025 compared to 2.07 billion Rupees in Q1-2024.
Gross Direct Premium Income of ICICI General was 76.88 billion Rupees in Q12025
compared to 63.87 billion Rupees in Q1-2024. The combined ratio stood at 102.3%
in Q1-2025 compared to 103.8% in Q1-2024. The profit after tax was
5.80 billion Rupees in Q1-2025 compared to 3.90 billion Rupees in Q1-2024.
Page 12 | 24
The profit after tax of ICICI AMC, as per Ind AS was 6.33 billion Rupees in this
quarter compared to 4.74 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
The profit after tax of ICICI Securities, as per Ind AS on a consolidated basis, was
5.27 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 2.71 billion Rupees in Q1 of last
year.
ICICI Bank Canada had a profit after tax of 20.3 million Canadian dollars in this
quarter compared to 16.4 million Canadian dollars in Q1 last year.
ICICI Bank UK had a profit after tax of 7.7 million US dollars in this quarter
compared to 9.4 million US dollars in Q1 of last year.
As per Ind AS, ICICI Home Finance had a profit after tax of 1.17 billion Rupees in
the current quarter compared to 1.05 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and we will now be happy to take your
questions.
Page 13 | 24
Moderator:
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the
line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My first question is on deposit and loan growth. So, incrementally everyone is
complaining about tight deposits, there are some rate hikes that have happened
as well. So, are you still comfortable with, say, maybe targeting a loan growth of
mid-to-high teens? And would you be comfortable increasing your LDR, since it's
already lower than peers or would deposits continue to grow in line with loans?
Anindya Banerjee:
Mahrukh, we don't target any particular level of loan growth, but we have grown
our deposits quite comfortably during the quarter at 17% on an average basis and
15% plus on a period end basis. So, the deposit flows are quite healthy in terms of
supporting the loan growth. As you said, the deposit rates continue to be tight, the
wholesale deposit rates have not really come down during the first quarter as they
usually do and of late there has been one or two hikes in the retail deposit rate also,
although in one case it is at a longer tenor. So, we will have to see how the deposit
market moves going ahead, but we don't feel that as a constraint in terms of the
available lending opportunities. On the lending side also, I think there is a price
competition the other way and we are seeing fair amount of competition
particularly on the corporate side. So, we will keep calibrating both. As far as the
LDR is concerned, I think this low-to-mid 80s is the level of domestic LDR that we
have historically operated at and I don't see any big change in that, it may vary one
quarter here up or down, but broadly it should be at that level. As far as both
Page 14 | 24
deposit growth and loan growth are concerned, of course, over the next couple of
quarters, we will also have to take into account the implications of the revised
guidelines on LCR, the draft of which has come, which will have some impact on
both deposit markets and loan markets. So, we will have to see that as we go along
as well.
Mahrukh Adajania:
So, my other two questions, one is, if you have any rough calculation on LCR and
can we assume that 90%, 95% of deposits would fall under the digitally-enabled
tap? And the other question is just on retail recoveries, right. Do you see them
slowdown in your customer segments because there's a lot of discussion on
customer leverage in some segments or the other, so in your set of customers, do
you see the retail recoveries flowing in as smoothly as you saw last year, how does
it play out?
Anindya Banerjee:
On the first one, I think it's a fairly easy calculation to do because the LCR
disclosures are public and at least I think all the analyst reports that we've seen as
of yesterday for the major banks talk about between a 10 to 15 percentage point
impact and I think that's a fair estimate.
On the recoveries, I think we have been saying for some time that the pace of
recoveries will vary and may not continue at the same pace, because we were still
collecting out of the pool of NPAs that got created in fiscal ’21 and fiscal ‘22. So,
that pace will come-off and therefore, the credit cost will also normalize upwards.
But, as I mentioned earlier, finally, if we look at it, the credit costs are still at or
below around 50 basis points and then NPL ratios, provisioning coverage are all
fine. So, I think that's the way we would look at it.
Moderator:
Page 15 | 24
Next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Motilal Oswal. Please go
ahead.
Nitin Agarwal:
I have two questions. First is on the cards portfolio. Like there in few other banks
and NBFCs have reported acute stress in the segment and the system in general is
seeing some rise in delinquencies. So, how do you see the asset quality outlook
here? And if you can just also provide some color on the credit cost currently versus
the long period average? Some qualitative color around that will also be helpful.
Anindya Banerjee:
As far as cards is concerned, it's less than 5% of our loan portfolio and whatever
happens in the credit cost there has flowed into the overall numbers. I would say
that we see it as a growth business and we are investing in growth in that business
in terms of both products and distribution and our offerings. So, that's a business
we would like to grow.
On the credit cost, if you're asking about on the overall basis, I think as I said,
currently, we seem to be operating at about 50 bps. This, I would expect it to further
normalise gradually, but what the long period average will be, in the kind of
portfolio construct and the systemic construct that we have now, is difficult to say
at this point, but I would say that it will be better than historical levels for sure.
Nitin Agarwal:
Also, this credit cost outlook on the cards, specifically like how do you compare
versus long period average?
Anindya Banerjee:
We don't really call that out. As I said, it's about 5% of our book, but it is a book we
would be very keen to grow.
Page 16 | 24
Nitin Agarwal:
Other question is on the yield on advances, which has come down this quarter
around eight basis points. So, how do you read, is it like that the yields have peaked
out and will sustain around current levels?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, part of it would just be the impact of the non-accrual on the KCC portfolio,
because it's a non-accrual of interest accrued over a slightly longer period. That
could be one component and others there will be some small movements here and
there, nothing really specific to call out. On lending rates per se, as I said, I think we
continue to see a reasonable amount of competition, particularly on the corporate
side.
Nitin Agarwal:
Just one clarification on the treasury gains also, which is a higher number this
quarter versus the run rates that we have reported in the prior years. So, some
details as to we are behind this game and how do we like see this moving?
Anindya Banerjee:
We would have made gains from our normal proprietary trading businesses which
includes trade equities, fixed income and currency. We also had some gains on our
security receipts portfolio, both realized gains because there were redemptions of
the security receipts. The third component would largely be the mark-to-market on
the fair value through P&L portfolio which earlier we had to only take the negative
MTM impact, now under the new guidelines on the AFS portfolio, the MTM impact
either positive or negative flows to the AFS reserve, and on the fair value through
P&L portfolio, whether positive or negative, it flows through to the P&L and in this
quarter, it would have been a positive impact. So, those would be the three impacts.
Page 17 | 24
In the overall context, even at rupees 6 billion, the treasury profit number is a pretty
small component of the P&L.
Moderator:
Next question is from the line of Manish Shukla from Axis Capital. Please go
ahead.
Manish Shukla:
Just going back to the yield on loans question, QoQ I appreciate that, but even if
you look at YoY the yields are 9.86 to 9.8. During this period, the share of retail, SME
and business banking has gone up, which I believe is higher yielding business,
MCLR rates would be higher, GNPA proportion is lower and yet the yield on
advances have not gone up. What would explain that?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think the yield on advances really has been at a stable level over the last year. If
you look at all the categories that you mentioned, there has been no real increase
in market pricing which would have taken the yields up. In fact, if we look at for
example, as you know, even on something like personal loans, the lending rates
were at very low teens kind of lending rates, the mortgage market has been very
competitive, as has been the corporate market. So, there was no real case for yields
to go up. Also, on the SME and business banking side, I would guess most banks
are operating at really the upper end of the quality spectrum. So, it's not in itself a
high yield business in that sense. So, in that context, I think the yields are quite okay
in terms of the yield movement reported.
Manish Shukla:
Secondly, opex growth for the full year, how should we really think about it relative
to either balance sheet growth or income growth and if you could talk about it
separately in terms of employee and non-employee expenses?
Page 18 | 24
Anindya Banerjee:
We don't give guidance on expenses or different components of expenses, but as
you would have seen, the opex growth has been coming down over the quarters
and the adjusted growth for Q4 was also between 12% and 13%, this quarter it is
10%-odd. So, I would expect that should be a fair indicator. I don't think that there
is anything that should take it up materially in our business as usual sense.
Moderator:
Next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from HSBC. Please go ahead.
Abhishek Murarka:
Three questions. One is in cards and PL. Do you think any additional tightening is
needed or the current QoQ growth rates allow you to filter out enough risk and this
kind of QoQ trend can continue?
Anindya Banerjee:
I don't think we are looking at really any material tightening. I mean there is minor
tweaking and refinement that we keep doing. On PL, we had taken a number of
actions last year and I think the growth rate has come off; if you look at the yearon-
year growth, it has come from 40% to 24% and I am guessing by the time we end
this year it will be closer to 20% kind of number or lower. So, I don't think there is
anything much to be done. Cards, it's an ongoing refinement, but as I said there we
want to grow the business. So, to answer your question, I don't think anything
needed.
Abhishek Murarka:
Second question is on corporate loans. Now, we have seen two banks growing
corporate loans on a QoQ basis this quarter. Is it because there is now some bit of
asset quality stress in the retail side and therefore moving to this side or there are
Page 19 | 24
better opportunities in this space, how do we read this and what's happening in
that space, if you could give an update?
Anindya Banerjee:
It is nothing to do with the asset quality on the retail side. I think it really depends
on what opportunities come at any point in time and what is the pricing available.
So, if you look at, we've spoken of in this quarter also, we saw a growth in the NBFC
portfolio and a growth in the real estate portfolio and some of this, of course is at
decent pricing and as well as within our risk/reward thresholds. For a couple of
quarters, our NBFC portfolio had gone down because of some prepayments, etc.,
So, that has not happened this quarter. So, I think if you look at for the last several
quarters, our corporate book has grown at around 10%, it could be 8% to 9% in
one quarter, it could be 11% to 12% in another and that is a pretty steady pace, no
change in approach. Going forward, I think what we are currently seeing again is
a fair amount of competitive intensity in that space. So, we will have to calibrate.
Abhishek Murarka:
And just quickly on LCR. So, just as an approach, now, do you need to maintain
20%, 25% additional LCR over 100 on an ongoing basis or once you're reserving
higher and anyway it is more stringent, you don't need to maintain that much
surplus and that can be how you offset the impact of this new circular?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think we have to think all that through and I guess look at refining both the asset
and liability side of the balance sheet. But we will have to think that through, not
something we can respond as of now.
Moderator:
Next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Page 20 | 24
Piran Engineer:
Just sort of getting back to some of the questions that were asked earlier on yield.
Now, I'd be interested in your thoughts as to borrower demand has been strong for
the last two years, the raw material cost for banks is going up, yet, not just you, but
none of your peers have been able to pass it on to the borrowers. Why do you think
that's the case really? Or, is it that because there is growth, you are sacrificing
NIMs?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, it would not be correct to say that it has not been passed on at all. So, I think if
you look at, for example, products even although it has been very competitive, but
products like home loans, auto loans or a number of asset classes, yields have gone
up between certainly FY'22, '23, that is not going up any further now. On the
corporate side, I think in two markets I would say corporate and mortgages there
are episodes of competitive intensity because I think different banks may have
different motivations at various points of times.
Piran Engineer:
Is it also the case that within each product, the customer selection is getting better,
just getting to like Manish's question that the product mix is changing, but then in
each product you're getting to better types of customers. So, the effective yield does
not change. Is that what has happened?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, I would say that for the quality customers, the banks are quite competitive in
terms of yield. And I think broadly, banks are focused on the prime, I would say
more prime end of the spectrum.
Moderator:
Page 21 | 24
Next question is from the line of Param Subramanian from Nomura. Please go
ahead.
Param Subramanian:
Could you explain the quarter-on-quarter movement in net worth because it's up
15,600 crores whereas the profit for the quarter is 11,000 crores. So, is there
something that I'm missing?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes, the revised investment guidelines became applicable in the quarter and as we
have disclosed in our stock exchange release, we recognized an AFS reserve plus
retained earnings of about rupees 32 billion net of deferred tax and the AFS reserve
would have increased a little bit further based on market movements between April
and June. So, that would be the main component. In addition, some amount of
capital and reserves gets added every quarter due to stock option exercises, but
that's a smaller number.
Moderator:
Next question is from the line of Kaitav Shah from Anand Rathi Financial Service.
Kaitav Shah:
Thank you. All my questions have been answered. Thank you.
Anindya Banerjee:
Thank you.
Moderator:
Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Kunal Shah:
Page 22 | 24
So, firstly, maybe if you can quantify the impact of the penal charges…
Moderator:
Kunal, sorry to interrupt you. Can you speak through the handset please?
Kunal Shah:
If you can just quantify the impact of penal charges circular which has come
through, that would be helpful? And secondly, maybe with respect to recoveries,
maybe if corporate recoveries are anticipated to be relatively lower, should we see
the faster normalization we had seen in one of the peer banks that impacting the
credit cost immediately in one single quarter? Do we expect such kind of volatility
or maybe for us as you mentioned it should be gradual inch-up or maybe gradual
normalization, which will come through in the quarters?
Anindya Banerjee:
On the penal charges circular, we have not really put out any number. So, that's not
something I can share. On the recoveries part, I would just say that overall, our
credit costs have been quite steady, even in the last couple of quarters where for
various reasons the reported numbers were pretty low, we had kind of said that
the adjusted cost for the quarter would be around 50 bps and that is where it is.
There will always be some ups and downs in terms of additions, recoveries, etc.,
but that's okay, not something that we would want to specifically comment on.
Kunal Shah:
And lastly, as you also indicated in terms of the retail, couple of players have hiked
by almost like 20-odd basis points, how would we take a call, maybe are we looking
to be equally competitive and increase the interest rates and even in terms of the
branch expansion and changes compared to what you have earlier articulated in
terms of the plan on an annual basis?
Page 23 | 24
Anindya Banerjee:
On the rates, we will take a view. These are dynamic markets, so, as we go along,
we will take a view and based on both sort of our target, our kind of desired level
of mobilization as also the maturity bucket which works for us. On the branch, no
change as such.
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I'll now
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments.
Anindya Banerjee:
Thank you all for taking time out on a Saturday as always. And if any other
clarifications are required, please reach out. Thank you.
Moderator:
On behalf of ICICI Bank Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
Page 24 | 24