ICICI Bank Limited
Earnings conference call - Quarter ended June 30, 2025 (Q1-2026)
July 19, 2025
Certain definitions in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia concerning
our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking statements intended to
qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws including the US Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-
looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and
regulatory changes, international economic and business conditions, political or economic
instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations or which affect global or Indian economic
conditions, increase in nonperforming loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign
exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the
adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking products
and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, changes in
India’s sovereign rating, as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein
are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this release. ICICI
Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results
are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
These filings are available at www.sec.gov.
This release does not constitute an offer of securities.
1
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to ICICI Bank Limited Q1-FY2026
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call,
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please
note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Managing Director and
CEO of ICICI Bank. Thank you and over to you sir.
Mr. Bakhshi’s opening remarks
Thank you. Good evening to all of you and welcome to the ICICI Bank Earnings
Call to discuss the results for Q1 of FY2026. Joining us today on this call are
Sandeep Batra, Rakesh, Ajay, Anindya and Abhinek.
At ICICI Bank, our strategic focus continues to be on growing profit before tax
excluding treasury through the 360-degree customer centric approach and by
serving opportunities across ecosystems and micromarkets. We continue to
operate within the framework of our values to strengthen our franchise.
Maintaining high standards of governance, deepening coverage and enhancing
delivery capabilities with a focus on simplicity and operational resilience, are key
drivers for our risk calibrated profitable growth.
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 11.4% year-on-year to 156.90
billion Rupees in this quarter. The core operating profit increased by 13.6% year-
on-year to 175.05 billion Rupees in this quarter. The profit after tax grew by
15.5% year-on-year to 127.68 billion Rupees in this quarter.
2
Total deposits grew by 12.8% year-on-year and were flat sequentially at June 30,
2025. During the quarter, average deposits grew by 11.2% year-on-year and
3.1% sequentially and average current and savings account deposits grew by
8.7% year-on-year and 3.9% sequentially. The Bank’s average liquidity coverage
ratio for the quarter was about 128%.
The domestic loan portfolio grew by 12.0% year-on-year and 1.5% sequentially
at June 30, 2025. The retail loan portfolio grew by 6.9% year-on-year and 0.5%
sequentially. Including non-fund based outstanding, the retail portfolio was
43.2% of the total portfolio. The rural portfolio declined by 0.4% year-on-year and
1.5% sequentially. The business banking portfolio grew by 29.7% year-on-year
and 3.7% sequentially. The domestic corporate portfolio grew by 7.5% year-on-
year and declined by 1.4% sequentially. The overall loan portfolio including the
international branches portfolio grew by 11.5% year-on-year and 1.7%
sequentially at June 30, 2025. The overseas loan portfolio was about 2.4% of the
overall loan book at June 30, 2025.
The net NPA ratio was 0.41% at June 30, 2025 compared to 0.43% at June 30,
2024. During the quarter, there were net additions of 30.34 billion Rupees to gross
NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale. The total provisions during the quarter were
18.15 billion Rupees or 10.4% of core operating profit and 0.53% of average
advances. The provisioning coverage ratio on non-performing loans was 75.3%
at June 30, 2025. In addition, the Bank continues to hold contingency provisions
of 131.00 billion Rupees or about 1.0% of total advances at June 30, 2025.
The capital position of the Bank continued to be strong with a CET-1 ratio of
16.31% and total capital adequacy ratio of 16.97% at June 30, 2025, including
profits for Q1 of FY2026.
Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to drive risk calibrated profitable
growth and grow market share across key segments. We remain focused on
3
maintaining a strong balance sheet, prudent provisioning and healthy levels of
capital while delivering sustainable and predictable returns to our shareholders.
I now hand the call over to Anindya.
Anindya’s opening remarks
Thank you, Sandeep. I will talk about loan growth, credit quality, P&L details and
the performance of subsidiaries.
A. Loan growth
Sandeep covered the loan growth across various segments. Coming to the
growth across retail products, the mortgage portfolio grew by 10.3% year-on-
year and 1.9% sequentially. Auto loans grew by 2.2% year-on-year and declined
by 0.7% sequentially. The commercial vehicles and equipment portfolio grew by
5.9% year-on-year and 1.1% sequentially. Personal loans grew by 1.4% year-on-
year and declined by 1.3% sequentially. The credit card portfolio grew by 1.5%
year-on-year and declined by 5.4% sequentially. The personal loans and credit
card portfolio were 8.8% and 4.0% of the overall loan book respectively at June
30, 2025.
Within the corporate portfolio:
• The total outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs was 874.17 billion Rupees at June
30, 2025 compared to 918.38 billion Rupees at March 31, 2025. The total
outstanding loans to NBFCs and HFCs were about 6.4% of our advances at
June 30, 2025.
• The builder portfolio including construction finance, lease rental discounting,
term loans and working capital was 628.33 billion Rupees at June 30, 2025
4
compared to 616.24 billion Rupees at March 31, 2025. The builder portfolio
was about 4.6% of our total loan portfolio. Our portfolio largely comprises
well-established builders and this is also reflected in the sequential increase
in the portfolio. About 1.9% of the builder portfolio at June 30, 2025 was
either rated BB and below internally or was classified as non-performing.
B. Credit quality
The gross NPA additions were 62.45 billion Rupees in the current quarter
compared to 59.16 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. There were gross NPA
additions of about 7.67 billion Rupees from the kisan credit card portfolio in the
current quarter. We typically see higher NPA additions from the kisan credit card
portfolio in the first and third quarter of a fiscal year. Recoveries and upgrades
from gross NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale, were 32.11 billion Rupees in the
current quarter compared to 32.92 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. The net
additions to gross NPAs were 30.34 billion Rupees in the current quarter
compared to 26.24 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
The gross NPA additions from the retail and rural portfolios were 51.93 billion
Rupees in the current quarter compared to 52.04 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
These include the KCC NPAs mentioned earlier. Recoveries and upgrades from
the retail and rural portfolios were 25.25 billion Rupees in the current quarter
compared to 25.32 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. The net additions to gross
NPAs in the retail and rural portfolios were 26.68 billion Rupees in the current
quarter compared to 26.72 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
The gross NPA additions from the corporate and business banking portfolios
were 10.52 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 7.12 billion Rupees
in Q1 of last year. Recoveries and upgrades from the corporate and business
banking portfolios were 6.86 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to
7.60 Rupees in Q1 of last year. There were net additions to gross NPAs of 3.66
5
billion Rupees in the current quarter in the corporate and business banking
portfolios compared to net deletions of 0.48 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
The gross NPAs written-off during the quarter were 23.59 billion Rupees. Further,
there was sale of NPAs of 1.08 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to
1.14 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. The sale of NPA includes about 0.60 billion
Rupees in cash in the current quarter.
The non-fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was
32.98 billion Rupees as of June 30, 2025 compared to 30.75 billion Rupees as of
March 31, 2025 and 35.43 billion Rupees as of June 30, 2024.
The total fund based outstanding to all standard borrowers under resolution as
per various guidelines declined to 17.88 billion Rupees or about 0.1% of the total
loan portfolio at June 30, 2025 from 19.56 billion Rupees at March 31, 2025 and
27.35 billion Rupees at June 30, 2024. Of the total fund based outstanding under
resolution at June 30, 2025, 16.22 billion Rupees was from the retail and rural
portfolios and 1.66 billion Rupees was from the corporate and business banking
portfolios.
The loans and non-fund based outstanding to performing corporate borrowers
rated BB and below were 29.95 billion Rupees at June 30, 2025 compared to
28.54 billion Rupees at March 31, 2025 and 41.64 billion Rupees at June 30, 2024.
This portfolio was about 0.2% of our advances at June 30, 2025. Other than two
accounts, the maximum single borrower outstanding in the BB and below
portfolio was less than 5.00 billion Rupees at June 30, 2025.
At the end of June, the total provisions, other than specific provisions on fund-
based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing, were 226.64 billion
Rupees or 1.7% of loans. This includes the contingency provisions of 131.00 billion
Rupees as well as general provision on standard assets, provisions held for non
fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non performing, fund and non-
6
fund based outstanding to standard borrowers under resolution and the BB and
below portfolio.
Moving on to the P&L details:
C. P&L details
Net interest income increased by 10.6% year-on-year to 216.35 billion Rupees in
this quarter. The net interest margin was 4.34% in this quarter compared to 4.41%
in the previous quarter and 4.36% in Q1 of last year. From Q1-2026, the Bank has
changed its convention of computation of NIM and other return ratios from actual
number of days to number of months. While the full year NIM would remain
unchanged, the revised convention eliminates the quarter-to-quarter volatility in
NIM computation due to difference in the number of days. This impact on reported
ratios in this quarter was negligible. The impact of interest on tax refund was
about 7 basis points in the current quarter compared to about 2 basis points in
the previous quarter and nil in Q1 of last year.
Of the total domestic loans, interest rates on about 53% of the loans are linked to
the repo rate, 15% to MCLR and other older benchmarks and 1% to other external
benchmarks. The remaining 31% of loans have fixed interest rates. In comparison
to the first quarter, the impact of transmission of repo rate cuts on external
benchmark linked loans is expected to be higher in the second quarter. This
impact would be partially set off by reduction in savings’ account interest rates in
May and June and gradual repricing of term deposits.
The domestic NIM was 4.40% in this quarter compared to 4.48% in the previous
quarter and 4.44% in Q1 of last year. The cost of deposits was 4.85% in this
quarter compared to 5.00% in the previous quarter and 4.84% in Q1 of last year.
Non-interest income, excluding treasury, grew by 13.7% year-on-year to 72.64
billion Rupees in Q1 of FY2026.
7
• Fee income increased by 7.5% year-on-year to 59.00 billion Rupees in this
quarter. Fees from retail, rural and business banking customers constituted
about 79% of the total fees in this quarter.
• Dividend income from subsidiaries was 13.36 billion Rupees in this quarter
compared to 8.94 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. The year-on-year increase
in dividend income was primarily due to higher dividend from ICICI Securities,
ICICI Prudential Asset Management and ICICI Lombard General Insurance and
receipt of dividend from ICICI Securities Primary Dealership in the current
quarter compared to Q2 of last year.
On Costs: The Bank’s operating expenses increased by 8.2% year-on-year in this
quarter compared to 8.3% in FY2025. Employee expenses increased by 8.5%
year-on-year in this quarter, reflecting mainly the impact of annual increments
and promotions that take place during the first quarter of every fiscal year. Non-
employee expenses increased by 8.0% year-on-year in this quarter. Our branch
count has increased by 83 in the first quarter. We had 7,066 branches as of June
30, 2025. The technology expenses were about 10.7% of our operating expenses
in this quarter. We continue to enhance the use of technology in our operations
to provide simplified solutions to customers and make investments in our digital
channels. We continue to further strengthen system resilience and simplify our
processes.
The total provisions during the quarter were 18.15 billion Rupees as compared to
the provisions of 13.32 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. Provisions in Q1 of last
year included the impact of release of AIF related provisions of 3.89 billion
Rupees.
The provisions during the quarter were 10.4% of core operating profit and 0.53%
of average advances. Adjusting for the seasonality of KCC provisioning which
occurs only in Q1 and Q3, the credit cost to advances would be about 50 basis
points.
8
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 11.4% year-on-year to 156.90
billion Rupees in Q1 of this year.
Treasury gains were 12.41 billion Rupees in Q1 of current year as compared to
6.13 billion Rupees in Q1 of the previous year, primarily reflecting realised and
mark-to-market gains in fixed income securities and equities.
The tax expense was 41.63 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 36.34
billion Rupees in the corresponding quarter last year. The profit after tax grew by
15.5% year-on-year to 127.68 billion Rupees in this quarter.
D. Consolidated results
The consolidated profit after tax grew by 15.9% year-on-year to 135.58 billion
Rupees in this quarter.
The details of the financial performance of key subsidiaries are covered in slides
34 to 35 and 54 to 59 in the investor presentation.
The annualised premium equivalent of ICICI Life was 18.64 billion Rupees in Q1-
2026 compared to 19.63 billion Rupees in Q1-2025. The value of new business
was 4.57 billion Rupees in Q1-2026 compared to 4.72 billion Rupees in Q1-2025.
The value of new business margin was 24.5% in Q1-2026 compared to 22.8% in
FY2025. The profit after tax of ICICI Life was 3.02 billion Rupees in Q1-2026
compared to 2.25 billion Rupees in Q1-2025.
Gross Direct Premium Income of ICICI General increased to 77.35 billion Rupees
in Q1-2026 from 76.88 billion Rupees in Q1-2025. The combined ratio stood at
102.9% in Q1-2026 compared to 102.3% in Q1-2025. The profit after tax
increased to 7.47 billion Rupees in this quarter from 5.80 billion Rupees in Q1 of
last year. With effect from October 1, 2024, long-term products are accounted on
9
1/n basis, as mandated by IRDAI, hence Q1 numbers are not fully comparable
with prior periods.
The profit after tax of ICICI AMC, as per Ind AS was 7.82 billion Rupees in this
quarter.
The profit after tax of ICICI Securities, as per Ind AS on a consolidated basis, was
3.91 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 5.27 billion Rupees in Q1 of last
year.
ICICI Bank Canada had a profit after tax of 7.8 million Canadian dollars in this
quarter compared to 20.3 million Canadian dollars in Q1 last year.
ICICI Bank UK had a profit after tax of 5.9 million US dollars in this quarter
compared to 7.7 million US dollars in Q1 of last year.
As per Ind AS, ICICI Home Finance had a profit after tax of 2.14 billion Rupees in
the current quarter compared to 1.17 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and we will now be happy to take
your questions.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session.
The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama Wealth.
Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My first question was on margins regarding the change in method. Now fourth
quarter is the quarter where you see the biggest positive impact of the old
method. So your margin decline even adjusted for the interest on tax refund
10
appears to be just four to five basis points. Is that a correct assessment? That is
my first question. Or if you could give a like-to-like comparison of margins for the
fourth quarter, that would be even better. And then my second question is on
growth because that is an obvious challenge for the sector and nothing seems to
be growing much other than low yield corporate loans. In home loans, there is
intense competition. When do you see growth reviving and where do you see
ICICI’s loan growth to settle? Would mid-teens still be possible? Yes. Those are
my questions.
Anindya Banerjee:
Thanks, Mahrukh. On the first one, yes, the reported margin for Q4 would have
been a few basis points lower. So, the kind of range that you spoke of is probably
correct. But equally, the same Q3 to Q4 spike will not happen in the current year.
We will have a more even spread of reported margin through the year.
On the growth side, I think as you know, in the first quarter, there have been a
number of global events, etc., which I guess had some impact on the sentiment.
But the substantial monetary easing that has taken place starting from Q4
particularly and carrying through into Q1, will also have some positive impact
hopefully as we go along. So, I think it is too early to say. We will have to wait for
another quarter to really form a view about how it is going to go.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Okay. Thanks a lot.
Moderator:
We will take our next question from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please
go ahead.
11
Kunal Shah:
So, sorry again to touch upon on margin. Fair to say maybe the unwinding which
was expected to come in the first quarter, maybe because of this day benefit that
would not have been there in this particular quarter. Otherwise, any which way
was like we are comparing 4.41% to 4.34%. So, maybe like four-five basis points
of unwinding is not really there in this quarter and thereafter maybe adjusting for
interest on income tax refund, we have seen like 14 bps kind of a decline in NIMs
on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Would that be correct?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, that would not be correct because there is no unwinding in the first quarter.
NIM typically declines from Q4 to Q1 because of the higher number of days in Q1
and then there is a pickup again in Q4. So, the Q4 NIM, if we had used an equal
month basis would have been lower than the reported number of 4.41%. But I
think that is why even in our previous calls we have focused attention on the
previous year’s full year NIM of 4.3% as the anchor for further discussion. But we
thought that it would also be good to eliminate that one confusion point.
Kunal Shah:
Yes. So, the only thing was maybe unwinding I just meant to say that the benefit
which was there in the fourth quarter that have been relatively lower in the first
quarter by say four-five basis points, which goes away, which is not there in the
computation now?
Anindya Banerjee:
No. If you look at, for example, the reported margins for this year and on the new
basis and Q1 last year on the old basis are almost the same. There is no real
impact. That impact largely comes later in the year. So, the first quarter is not
impacted at all. If you are looking at a sequential analysis, then on a like-to-like
basis, the reported margin for Q4 would have been a little bit lower.
12
Kunal Shah:
Yes. So, would that have been like eight-nine basis points, how much it would
have been lower?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think I answered that. The range that Mahrukh quoted was probably the correct
range.
Kunal Shah:
Okay. Got it. Perfect. Yes. And secondly, with respect to the credit cost, so we
have been indicating that it would normalize in a gradual manner. This quarter
would have KCC slippages. But excluding that when we look at the credit cost, so
would we say like now we have reached or maybe there is a further normal
gradualisation, which has still to happen from the current levels adjusting for
KCC? Because we are already seeing like 50, there would be some impact of KCC.
So, do we expect further normalization? Or maybe this is more like clean credit
cost, which we are seeing now?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think we have always said that currently, the underlying level would be more
like about 50 basis points. Can that inch up? It could, but I don’t see any major
movement.
Kunal Shah:
Okay. Got it. Thanks. Yes.
Moderator:
Next question is from the line of Harsh Modi from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
13
Harsh Modi:
A couple of questions. First is, if I see your mix on corporate creditors, the AA- mix
has been reducing over the last few years and BBB- has been increasing. Is that
the sweet spot on RORWA, that’s why you are doing it? And any risks around
that? That is the first one.
The second one is on business banking. Very good numbers. What went right?
And going forward, if you think about the mix of credit growth over the next, let’s
say, a couple of years, where should we see the incremental delta coming from?
Any granularity you can provide would be great.
Anindya Banerjee:
So, on the first question, I think the decline in the proportion of the very high rated
is partly a function of demand and partly a function of pricing. And in some cases,
we may have in earlier periods of very easy liquidity built up some portfolio there
and that has gradually run off as the funding environment got tighter. Currently,
of course, as you would know that overall credit growth itself has come down.
And in this particular segment, there is fairly high price competition. So, we would
really look at this segment as we look at all the other corporate borrowers from a
Customer 360 perspective and look at the totality of our relationship with the
borrower. And in that context, if lending makes sense, we would do it.
As far as the increase in the proportion, I think we are comfortable with the entire
A bucket. So, to answer your question, that is probably the segment where you
do have the right balance of risk-reward, although we have competition in those
segments also. I think on the lower-rated origination in BBB and below, we have
fairly tight controls and limits on how we approach that segment and it is quite
calibrated. So, overall, I think the reduction in the proportion of the high rated is
really a function of demand and pricing.
14
On your second question on business banking, I think we have spoken about it in
the past couple of calls. To keep it short, I would say it’s a combination of
distribution, process and technology, the digital interfaces and capabilities that
we offer to the customers and also a fairly tight focus on monitoring of the credit
and managing the portfolio in a disciplined way.
The last part of your question was around mix going forward. I think basis the
visibility and the market share opportunity, one would expect the business
banking piece to grow faster than the overall loan book and therefore that
proportion should gradually go up.
Harsh Modi:
Right. And one more is on the liability side. It seems you have been gaining market
share on CASA deposits nationwide. Now with rate cuts, how do you see
behaviour changing, any early signs of higher degree of competition, more
preponderance of sweep accounts and so on and so forth? So, do you see market
share stabilizing or you still see CASA market share growing for the Bank over
the next, let us say, 12 months period?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, the current account is purely the result of presence in the transaction flows of
corporates, businesses, capital markets players and so on. The savings account
is the result of being sort of the primary bank or the transacting bank of the retail
customer. And that is how money comes in, goes out and some level of float stays
in those accounts. I do not think that there is any particular change in the
competitive scenario. If you see in the quarter, I think rate actions taken by all the
large banks have been more or less in the same line given the decline in the overall
interest rates and the policy environment. And we would continue to focus on this
segment through increasing customer acquisition, increasing our share of the
customers’ wallet and trying to become the primary banker. So, we would hope
that we will continue to do reasonably well.
15
Moderator:
Next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Congrats on another set of good numbers. I have three questions. One is around
the decline in cost of deposits that we have reported in the quarter. So, it seems
fairly sharp 15 basis points decline. So, is it like the unwinding that we have done
in respect to the high cost deposits that has resulted in this kind of decline and
has it played out fully or this will continue along with the SA cut benefits in Q2
also?
Anindya Banerjee:
There is no unwinding. As I said, the impact of the equal month convention on the
reported NIM for the quarter and other ratios for the quarter is negligible. So, as
far as the decline in deposits cost, it is clearly the reduction in the savings account
deposit rate, large part of it was 25 basis points that was there in April, the
benefit of that has been there for pretty much the full quarter. And then on the
higher value deposits, there was another cut in May, which also helped. In
addition, of course, for the retail term deposits also gradually, the incremental
rates repricing would reflect. Plus during the quarter, we saw a reasonable
reduction in our wholesale deposit book given the continued strong growth in
CASA and retail term deposits and the high liquidity that we were running. The
runoff of the wholesale deposit book also helped in the funding cost.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Yes. Actually I was referring to the wholesale deposit unwinding that we have
done. So, the benefit of that has played out fully in this quarter or do you expect
that to continue?
16
Anindya Banerjee:
It is difficult to really say. We have not been aggressively raising wholesale
deposits. So, as I said in the opening remarks, we would continue to see a gradual
benefit of deposits cost repricing in Q2. But there will also be a higher impact of
the 50 bps repo cut of June.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Right. And second question, Anindya, is around the unsecured retail growth. So,
how are we looking at that segment? Because while we have been able to deliver
healthy growth, but because of the systemic softness in the overall credit
demand, the overall growth has come down as well. And our unsecured retail
segments have not been able to contribute as you know. So, how are we seeing
at those segments given the asset quality has seen some stabilisation. So how
do we look at those segments in terms of their contribution going forward?
Anindya Banerjee:
We can do more on both personal loans and credit cards. In personal loans, I think
as we may have commented in the past, we are quite comfortable with the quality
of origination done over the last 12 to 15 months. So, I think we can see volumes
pick up and see some better growth there. And similarly, on cards also going
forward, maybe some better customer acquisition is also something we can see.
So, I think we are quite focused on both the segments. We could do better there
than what we have done in Q1.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Right. And lastly, on the business banking, that is a segment which has been
growing very well for us and very good yields. But how do you really ensure that
we don’t go on to see some challenges in respect to asset quality because the
kind of growth on a very decent base that the segment is at now, so how do we
ensure that we don’t get into sort of asset quality challenges in the segment? Any
tightening that we have done in the recent quarters? So, we have talked about
17
the underwriting being tightened in the past. Are we looking at this on a
continuous basis as the environment is getting tougher around some of these
segments?
Anindya Banerjee:
As I said, we monitor the portfolio continuously. Just to put the numbers in
context, if you look at the gross NPA additions to the corporate and business
banking portfolios in the quarter were about 10 billion Rupees on an aggregate
portfolio of about 5.6 trillion. The business banking portfolio alone is now about
2.7 trillion. So, I think the current sort of credit behaviour and asset quality is
extremely benign. And we will probably see some increase going forward, but
credit costs today are negligible. So, they may go up slightly. But the portfolio is
granular and tightly monitored.
Nitin Aggarwal:
Right. Thanks, Anindya. This is really helpful.
Moderator:
We will take our next question from the line of MB Mahesh from Kotak Securities.
Please go ahead.
MB Mahesh:
Anindya, on this question on margins, just on the yield side, with the drop of 25
basis points that you have seen, is it possible to kind of quantify how much of the
repo rate cuts have flown through the loan book?
Anindya Banerjee:
We have not quantified it. If you look at the February cut, I think it would have
largely flown through almost entirely. The April cut also would have substantially
flown through. Maybe we have a little bit more to happen in Q2. The June cut, I
would say has not flown through much and most of that will come through in Q2.
18
MB Mahesh:
Sorry, just to answer the previous question, you said that the bulk of the benefit
on the cost of deposit side has come from the savings account given that the
contribution of wholesale is fairly small?
Anindya Banerjee:
That is just computable, 25 bps cut on the portfolio that would have yielded a
reasonable benefit.
MB Mahesh:
And the second question is on the demand environment. When you say that you
are ready to accelerate, portfolio is good, is it a question of demand being an issue
on the ground or is it a problem with pricing?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think maybe there is some pricing, but probably we also need to focus a little
more on the distribution and the throughput. I would not say that in some of these
segments, it is purely demand, if you are talking about PL and cards. In other
segments, of course, overall loan growth in the system is what it is. So that
reflects some softness in demand.
MB Mahesh:
Perfect. And last one question. Are you allowed to restructure any standard
assets let’s say, in a default book in the SMA-0, 1 and 2, are you allowed to
restructure it and classify it as standard?
Anindya Banerjee:
No.
19
MB Mahesh:
Okay. Thank you.
Moderator:
Next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA.
Piran Engineer:
Congrats on the quarter. Just firstly a couple of clarifications on previous question.
So, Nitin’s question on 15 bps reduction in cost of deposits, that also includes the
number of days thing, right? Like core deposit cost would not have gone down 15
bps, correct QoQ?
Anindya Banerjee:
As I said, the margins for the first quarter on both basis, there would be a
negligible difference, which is what we have mentioned in our opening remarks.
Relative to the fourth quarter, the decline in margins would have been somewhat
lower on a comparable basis.
Piran Engineer:
But then, Anindya, how do I think about it in the context of you versus peers where
your margins are down, say, 5-6 bps, core NIM. HDFC, Axis are down 12-13 bps.
Is it just a more delayed pass-through of the repo rate cuts, is that how I should
simplistically put it? Because all of you all have cut SA rates at approximately the
same time and by the same amount.
Anindya Banerjee:
I cannot really comment on others. I think, to begin with, we have been always
saying that we have to look at the full year margin of last year of 4.3% and the
repo rate cut and the lagged repricing of deposits will create some pressure on
that. In the first quarter, I think we had the upfront benefit of the savings deposit
rate cut, and we also had 6-7 basis points of the benefit of interest on income tax
20
refund. As we go into Q2, the full impact of the 50 bps repo cut of June will come
into effect. We will also have some continuing repricing of term deposits as well
as the benefit of the savings rate cut that happened in May and June. And then in
Q3, I guess, unless there is any change in the policy stance, the benefit of the CRR
cut will also kick in.
Piran Engineer:
Okay. That is helpful. Just secondly, if I have to compare retail term deposits today
versus wholesale term deposits today and even adjusted for the outflow rate and
the LCR competition, would wholesale rates be similar to TD rates now or lower?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, lower. They would be lower.
Piran Engineer:
It will be lower, right? So, then why are we trimming wholesale deposits when it
is lower? That is what I look at.
Anindya Banerjee:
I think it is a function of the overall liquidity that we are carrying if you look at the
CASA and the term deposits. What has gone down is the deposits that were
raised in the past at higher rates. If we get deposits at the rates we are quoting
now, we will take them.
Piran Engineer:
Lastly on vehicle loans, I mean, our growth has gone down to 2%-3%, of course,
demand has slowed down, there is no doubt about it. But it’s not slowed down
so much also. Is this more a function of us just being cautious on pricing and that’s
why we are choosing not to grow here?
21
Anindya Banerjee:
So, the price competition has always been a part of it and of course, the
underlying asset class also is not growing at that pace.
Piran Engineer:
Okay, Got it. Thank you.
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand
the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir.
Anindya Banerjee:
Thank you very much for taking time on a Saturday, and we are happy to clear
any other doubts offline. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Bank, that concludes this conference. Thank you for
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
22