ICICI Bank Limited
Earnings conference call - Quarter ended June 30, 2026 (Q1-2027)
July 18, 2026
Certain definitions in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia concerning
our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking statements intended to
qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws including the US Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-
looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and
regulatory changes, international economic and business conditions, political or economic
instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations or which affect global or Indian economic
conditions, increase in nonperforming loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign
exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the
adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking products
and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, changes in
India’s sovereign rating, as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein
are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this release. ICICI
Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results
are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
These filings are available at www.sec.gov.
This release does not constitute an offer of securities.
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to ICICI Bank Limited Q1-FY2027
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call,
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded. Please note that this
conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Managing Director and
Chief Executive Officer of ICICI Bank. Thank you, and over to you, sir.
Mr. Bakhshi’s opening remarks
Thank you. Good evening to all of you and welcome to the ICICI Bank Earnings
Call to discuss the results for Q1 of FY2027. Joining us today on this call are
Sandeep Batra, Rakesh, Ajay, Anindya and Abhinek.
At ICICI Bank, our strategic focus continues to be on growing profit before tax
excluding treasury through the 360-degree customer centric approach and by
serving opportunities across ecosystems and micro-markets.
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 20.9% year-on-year to 189.75
billion Rupees in this quarter. The core operating profit increased by 15.6% year-
on-year to 202.35 billion Rupees in this quarter. The core operating profit
excluding dividend from subsidiaries increased by 18.3% year-on-year to 191.25
billion Rupees in this quarter. The profit after tax grew by 15.9% year-on-year to
148.05 billion Rupees in this quarter.
Total deposits grew by 14.0% year-on-year and 2.2% sequentially at June 30,
2026. Average deposits grew by 14.0% year-on-year and 6.1% sequentially and
average current and savings account deposits grew by 12.1% year-on-year and
4.7% sequentially during this quarter. The Bank’s average liquidity coverage ratio
for the quarter was about 124%.
The overall loan portfolio including the international branches portfolio grew by
19.6% year-on-year and 5.0% sequentially at June 30, 2026. The retail loan
portfolio grew by 12.0% year-on-year and 2.7% sequentially. Including non-fund
based outstanding, the retail portfolio was 41.1% of the total portfolio. The rural
portfolio, including gold loan grew by 35.4% year-on-year and 6.2% sequentially.
The business banking portfolio grew by 28.2% year-on-year and 6.9%
sequentially. The domestic corporate portfolio grew by 18.5% year-on-year and
6.9% sequentially. The domestic loan portfolio grew by 18.8% year-on-year and
4.6% sequentially at June 30, 2026. The overseas loan portfolio was 3.1% of the
overall loan book at June 30, 2026.
The net NPA ratio was 0.35% at June 30, 2026 compared to 0.33% at March 31,
2026 and 0.41% at June 30, 2025. During the quarter, there were net additions of
27.07 billion Rupees to gross NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale. The total
provisions during the quarter were 12.60 billion Rupees or 6.2% of core operating
profit and 0.32% of average advances. The provisioning coverage ratio on non-
performing loans was 74.7% at June 30, 2026. In addition, the Bank continues to
hold contingency provisions of 131.00 billion Rupees or about 0.8% of total
advances at June 30, 2026.
The capital position of the Bank continued to be strong with a CET-1 ratio of
16.19% and total capital adequacy ratio of 16.84% at June 30, 2026.
Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to drive risk calibrated profitable
growth and grow market share across key segments. We remain focused on
maintaining a strong balance sheet, prudent provisioning and healthy levels of
capital while delivering sustainable and predictable returns to our shareholders.
I now hand the call over to Anindya.
Anindya’s opening remarks
Thank you, Sandeep. I will talk about loan growth, credit quality, P&L details, and
the performance of subsidiaries.
A. Loan growth
Sandeep covered the loan growth across various segments. Coming to the
growth across retail products, the mortgage portfolio grew by 14.6% year-on-
year and 3.2% sequentially. Auto loans grew by 3.6% year-on-year and 1.2%
sequentially. The commercial vehicles and equipment portfolio grew by 12.8%
year-on-year and 2.2% sequentially. Personal loans grew by 12.9% year-on-year
and 4.0% sequentially. The credit card portfolio declined by 1.9% year-on-year
and 1.7% sequentially.
Within the corporate portfolio:
• The total outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs was 920.52 billion Rupees at June
30, 2026 compared to 859.04 billion Rupees at March 31, 2026. The total
outstanding loans to NBFCs and HFCs were about 4.5% of our advances at
June 30, 2026.
• The builder portfolio including construction finance, lease rental discounting,
term loans and working capital was 747.21 billion Rupees at June 30, 2026
compared to 714.21 billion Rupees at March 31, 2026. The builder loan
portfolio was 4.3% of our total loan portfolio. Our portfolio largely comprises
well-established builders and this is also reflected in the sequential increase
in the portfolio. About 0.7% of the builder portfolio at June 30, 2026 was
either rated BB and below internally or was classified as non-performing.
B. Credit quality
The gross NPA additions were 55.52 billion Rupees in the current quarter
compared to 62.45 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. There were gross NPA
additions of 7.06 billion Rupees from the kisan credit card portfolio in the current
quarter. We typically see higher NPA additions from the kisan credit card portfolio
in the first and third quarter of a fiscal year. Recoveries and upgrades from gross
NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale, were 28.45 billion Rupees in the current
quarter compared to 32.11 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. The net additions to
gross NPAs were 27.07 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 30.34
billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
The gross NPA additions from the retail and rural portfolios were 43.31 billion
Rupees in the current quarter compared to 51.93 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
These include the KCC NPAs mentioned earlier. Recoveries and upgrades from
the retail and rural portfolios were 22.10 billion Rupees in the current quarter
compared to 25.25 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. The net additions to gross
NPAs in the retail and rural portfolios were 21.21 billion Rupees in the current
quarter compared to 26.68 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
The gross NPA additions from the corporate and business banking portfolios
were 12.21 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 10.52 billion Rupees
in Q1 of last year. Recoveries and upgrades from the corporate and business
banking portfolios were 6.35 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to
6.86 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year. There were net additions to gross NPAs of
5.86 billion Rupees in the current quarter in the corporate and business banking
portfolios compared to 3.66 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
The gross NPAs written-off during the quarter were 16.73 billion Rupees. Further,
there was sale of NPAs of 2.39 billion Rupees for cash in the current quarter.
The non-fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was
22.07 billion Rupees as of June 30, 2026 as compared to 21.74 billion Rupees as
of March 31, 2026 and 32.98 billion Rupees as of June 30, 2025.
The loans and non-fund based outstanding to performing corporate borrowers
rated BB and below was 34.85 billion Rupees at June 30, 2026 as compared to
35.19 billion Rupees at March 31, 2026 and 29.95 billion Rupees at June 30, 2025.
This portfolio was about 0.2% of our advances at June 30, 2026.
The total fund based outstanding to all standard borrowers under resolution as
per various guidelines declined to 13.63 billion Rupees at June 30, 2026 from
14.96 billion Rupees at March 31, 2026 and 17.88 billion Rupees at June 30, 2025.
At the end of June, the total provisions, other than specific provisions on fund-
based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing, were 229.63 billion
Rupees or 1.4% of loans. This includes the contingency provisions of 131.00 billion
Rupees as well as general provision on standard assets, provisions held for non-
fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing, fund and
non-fund based outstanding to standard borrowers under resolution and BB and
below portfolio. The Bank also continues to hold additional standard asset
provision of 12.83 billion Rupees made in Q3 of FY2026 as directed by RBI in
respect of the agricultural priority sector portfolio.
Moving on to the P&L details:
C. P&L details
Net interest income increased by 12.7% year-on-year and 6.1% sequentially to
243.84 billion Rupees in this quarter. The net interest margin was 4.36% in this
quarter compared to 4.32% in the previous quarter and 4.34% in Q1 of last year.
The cost of deposits was 4.41% in this quarter compared to 4.43% in the previous
quarter and 4.85% in Q1 of last year. The benefit of interest on tax refund was 8
basis points in the current quarter compared to 5 basis points in the previous
quarter and 7 basis points in Q1 of last year. Excluding the benefit of interest on
tax refund, the net interest margin would have been 4.28% in this quarter, 4.27%
in previous quarter and 4.27% in Q1 of last year.
Of the total domestic loans, interest rates on about 57% of the loans are linked to
the repo rate and other external benchmarks, 13% to MCLR and other older
benchmarks and the remaining 30% of loans have fixed interest rates.
Non-interest income, excluding treasury, grew by 16.0% year-on-year to 84.25
billion Rupees in Q1 of FY2027.
• Fee income increased by 23.5% year-on-year to 72.86 billion Rupees in this
quarter off a low base of Q1 of last year. Fees from retail, rural and business
banking customers constituted about 72% of the total fees in this quarter.
• Dividend income from subsidiaries was 11.10 billion Rupees in this quarter
compared to 13.36 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
On Costs: The Bank’s operating expenses increased by 10.4% year-on-year in this
quarter compared to 11.5% year-on-year in FY2026. Employee expenses
increased by 5.5% year-on-year in this quarter, reflecting mainly the impact of
annual increments and promotions that take place during the first quarter of
every fiscal year. Non-employee expenses increased by 13.8% year-on-year in
this quarter. Our branch count has increased by 97 in the first quarter. We had
7,608 branches as of June 30, 2026. The technology expenses were about 11.4%
of our operating expenses in this quarter.
The total provisions during the quarter were 12.60 billion Rupees or 6.2% of core
operating profit and 0.32% of average advances compared to the provisions of
18.15 billion rupees in Q1 of last year.
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 20.9% year-on-year to 189.75
billion Rupees in Q1 of this year.
There was a treasury gain of 1.51 billion Rupees in this quarter as compared to
loss of 1.06 billion Rupees in the previous quarter and a gain of 12.41 billion
Rupees in Q1 of last year.
The tax expense was 43.21 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 41.63
billion Rupees in the corresponding quarter last year. The Bank has written back
tax provision of 4.46 billion Rupees, pursuant to favourable tax orders.
The profit after tax grew by 15.9% year-on-year to 148.05 billion Rupees in this
quarter.
D. Consolidated results
The consolidated profit after tax grew by 13.9% year-on-year to 154.40 billion
Rupees in this quarter.
The details of the financial performance of key subsidiaries are covered in slides
33 to 35 and 54 to 59 in the investor presentation.
The annualised premium equivalent of ICICI Life increased to 21.36 billion Rupees
in Q1-2027 from 18.64 billion Rupees in Q1-2026. The value of new business
increased to 5.71 billion Rupees in Q1-2027 from 4.57 billion Rupees in Q1-2026.
The value of new business margin was 26.7% in Q1-2027 compared to 24.7% in
FY2026. The profit after tax of ICICI Life increased to 3.86 billion Rupees in Q1-
2027 from 3.02 billion Rupees in Q1-2026.
Gross Direct Premium Income of ICICI General increased to 83.18 billion Rupees
in Q1-2027 from 77.35 billion Rupees in Q1-2026. The combined ratio stood at
107.2% in Q1-2027 compared to 102.9% in Q1-2026. The profit after tax was
4.03 billion Rupees in Q1-2027 compared to 7.47 billion Rupees in Q1-2026. The
results for the quarter include the impact of an increase in reserves pursuant to a
recent judicial pronouncement.
The profit after tax of ICICI AMC, as per Ind AS, increased to 9.65 billion Rupees
in this quarter from 7.84 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
The profit after tax of ICICI Securities, as per Ind AS on a consolidated basis, was
4.19 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 3.91 billion Rupees in Q1 of last
year.
ICICI Bank Canada had a profit after tax of 5.3 million Canadian dollars in this
quarter compared to 7.8 million Canadian dollars in Q1 of last year.
ICICI Bank UK had a profit after tax of 7.2 million US dollars in this quarter
compared to 5.9 million US dollars in Q1 of last year.
As per Ind AS, ICICI Home Finance had a profit after tax of 2.00 billion Rupees in
the current quarter compared to 2.14 billion Rupees in Q1 of last year.
With this, we conclude our opening remarks, and we will now be happy to take
your questions.
Moderator:
We'll take our first question from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Tara Capital.
Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Congratulations. I had a question on your loan growth outlook, given that you
already achieved such good loan growth in a seasonally weak quarter. Do you
find this sustaining, say, a high-teen loan growth through the year? Is there
enough visible demand across your segments? So that's my first question.
And then on FCNR (B), if you have a target in mind and how much you've already
mobilized? And what is the cost effectiveness of FCNR (B) relative to your
domestic term deposits?
And also, just one more question. The foreign loans, they've grown quite
aggressively this quarter. So, any comments on that?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes. So, on the first one, I think it's partly really reflective of what has happened
in the system where loan growth has picked up over the last 2-3 quarters as the
various policy measures, both on the fiscal side and the monetary side have taken
effect. And I think not just loan growth, but a range of other high-frequency
indicators are showing positive momentum. We are sort of participating in that,
and we will keep looking at opportunities as they come. And the momentum
continues to be pretty good as far as we can see it.
On the second question on FCNR (B), we don't really have any target or so on that
we put out. I think it's a good scheme, and we will look to mobilize as much as we
can, but it is very early days yet. This is something that will really play out over
the next maybe 8 -10 weeks or so. So, nothing that can be said on that just now.
From a cost effectiveness perspective, 6%. If you look at kind of the all-in cost
after hedging the coupon, etc., it will be somewhere maybe 6.30-6.40%, which is,
of course, lower than wholesale rates and it will be competitive compared to the
wholesale rates. Of course, there will be an incremental loan growth opportunity
also as these funds start getting deployed.
Lastly, on the international branches growth, even if you look at the previous
quarter, we had a decent momentum. We have been seen both increase in the
trade-related book as well as some borrowing by the overseas operations of
Indian well-rated companies, and we have been participating in that. As we go
forward, there will be some amount of loans against FCNR deposits that will also
keep adding to the loan book overseas.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go
ahead.
Kunal Shah:
So firstly, just a clarification on the NIMs. The overall yields have held on steady
despite the reversals on agri. So, was there any offsetting recoveries also during
the quarter, which has helped that in terms of sustaining the yields?
Anindya Banerjee:
That's something that keeps happening on an ongoing basis. Overall, the NIM
reflects the healthy funding franchise, our disciplined approach consistently on
both deposit and loan pricing as well as our management of the government
securities book. That is what really held the NIM up. And as for other factors, there
is always some amount of collection less or more in each quarter. There was
interest on income tax refund, which we have as always specifically called out.
But even if adjusting for that, the NIM is stable both on a year-on-year and on a
quarter-on-quarter basis.
Kunal Shah:
Yes. So, question was more on yield because the growth is also coming in from
the corporate and all, okay? So, to that extent, yields are still sustained. So that
was the question. And secondly, on the agri, so now maybe larger part of the
regularization, we have been working all through and would have been
interacting with the regulator as well. So how is the approach? And when do we
see the recoveries coming through or maybe the reversals of the provision? Is it
expected to come through in the second quarter or maybe it might take some time
and we should see it more towards the end of the fiscal year?
Anindya Banerjee:
I wouldn't really be able to comment on the timing. But yes, we have been working
on the required remediation of the portfolio. We just want to make sure that
whatever we have done is correct and signed off and validated before we discuss
a write-back of the provision. So, we are in the process and will hopefully work it
out over the next few months, but I don't want to give a timeline.
Kunal Shah:
Okay. So that process is already on in terms of the validation and getting the sign-
off on?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes, very much so. It's a granular portfolio. We want to make sure that we are
getting it right, and then we want to get it appropriately validated, the work that
the field teams have done, and that process is on.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rikin Shah from IIFL Capital. Please
go ahead.
Rikin Shah:
Thanks for the opportunity. I had five questions. First one is on fee income. It has
accelerated significantly from 8% Y-o-Y last year to 23% Y-o-Y this quarter. If you
could just throw some colour on what is driving this? And should one expect it to
remain closer to the overall balance sheet growth here onwards?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, as I briefly mentioned in our opening remarks, there is some amount of a base
effect. Last year, the absolute fee income in Q1 was sequentially lower over the
preceding quarters, so there is some amount of base effect as well.
And I think other than that, it really reflects the underlying business momentum.
We've seen growth pick up across all business segments, retail and corporate,
while business banking has sustained. We would continue to focus on the fee
income line item as we go forward.
Rikin Shah:
Got it. The second question on margins, you've managed it extremely well in this
cycle and now with loan growth accelerating meaningfully for you, would you
continue to maintain your guidance on range-bound margins even going ahead?
Anindya Banerjee:
There are a lot of moving parts to it because it really depends to some extent on
systemic liquidity and interest rates where, for example, in the month of May, we
had seen a lot of hardening of wholesale rates. That has come off substantially.
Based on current conditions and assuming no policy rate movements, I would say
it should be range bound.
As we go along, we'll also have to factor in sort of the impact of the FCNR deposit
mobilization and the related leverage where there could be some impact on
margins, but that is something that will happen over a period of time. In any case,
the program itself has significant advantages. So that's something we'll see. But
other things being equal, I would still say range bound.
Rikin Shah:
That exactly was my third question. So, could you talk a bit more about potential
NIM and profitability profile for FCNR raised via self-leverage and versus via tie-
ups with the foreign banks? Is it materially different in terms of the implications
on margins and profitability?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think we have just about started that whole process. We'll have to wait and see.
It will be a combination of unleveraged deposits, the deposits where we are
providing leverage and there may be some fund-raising requirement at our end
as well. And there will be other banks providing leverage for deposits into us.
As I said, the best guess we have now is that there could be some impact on the
NIM, particularly because, as I mentioned in response to Mahrukh's question, the
balance sheet of the international branches will expand materially if we indeed
are able to mobilize a significant amount. So that will happen and we'll see it as
it comes. But from an earnings perspective, it is quite positive.
Rikin Shah:
Got it. The fourth one is on recoveries. Was there any one-off recovery in this
quarter from any accounts?
Anindya Banerjee:
Most of you would all be aware that in one particular case, there was an NCLT
judgment, where the company was taken over. So that recovery did come through
this quarter. This is an asset that had been previously sold to NARCL.
And then there are some other things in the regular course, but from a credit cost
perspective, the reported of 32 basis points, and as we always say, a more
normalised level, adjusting for chunky recoveries would be around 50 bps, and
that is where it stays.
Rikin Shah:
Got it. Thanks. The last question is on ECL. If you could just talk about the impact
on transition from next year, both on onetime basis on net worth and on the
recurring credit cost, please?
Anindya Banerjee:
On the net worth, we will not really have any impact. Our assessment based on
whatever proforma estimates we have done based on the existing position of the
balance sheet or the portfolio is that whatever impact is there will be well
absorbed by our provisioning buffers. Of course, it always depends on what is the
situation of the portfolio at that point in time.
On an ongoing basis, the fact that we will be providing for Stage 2 will obviously,
that is a provision that is currently not made by any bank. So that will result in
higher provisions, which will be partly offset by lower provisions on the Stage 3,
where currently we follow this percentage-based approach and there it will be
much more on a predicted loss kind of approach.
Rikin Shah:
Proforma estimate that you may want to call out, like is it 5 bps, 10 bps or
meaningfully higher?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, very difficult to make that estimate because we then actually have to run it
based on the new ECL guidelines. We have some assessment of the transition
impact. The ongoing impact is something that will come, but it will be a uniform
impact across the sector adjusted for portfolio composition.
Rikin Shah:
Right. Thanks, Anindya, and congrats on a very strong quarter.
Anindya Banerjee:
Thank you very much.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chintan from Autonomous Research.
Please go ahead.
Chintan:
Hi. Thank you for taking my question. We have seen some very strong loan
growth, particularly business banking. I'm just wondering, is this the right time to
accelerate given we are going through the energy shock and El Niño is upon us.
We are coasting a little bit on the kind of macro tailwinds from last year. But I'm
just wondering how you think about the growth opportunity and the evolving
environment over the next kind of year or two?
Anindya Banerjee:
We are monitoring this portfolio very closely and factoring in some of these West
Asia, etcetera, into our customer selection and onboarding. But fundamentally,
we feel quite comfortable with the portfolio and growing it.
The NPL performance is also pretty good and stable. And we will keep adjusting
it as we go along. But it is a granular portfolio, reasonably secured portfolio, and
we are quite comfortable growing it.
Chintan:
Are you leaning on these credit guarantee funds, like are you leaning on these
government schemes to help you grow better or there is no need?
Anindya Banerjee:
When applications come under that, we are assessing and going ahead, I mean,
it is a scheme that has been created for the benefit of the customers. We are quite
open to it. But we are also adding new customers and growing with existing
customers in line with their business.
Chintan:
Okay. What would the average loan growth be on a year-on-year basis? I'm just
wondering if there's any lumpiness that will run off in this 19.6% number?
Anindya Banerjee:
Average loan growth on a year-on-year basis will be somewhat lower, but as I
mentioned earlier, higher loan growth this quarter is reflective of the increase in
loan growth in the system and both the banks and the system is off the base of
Q1 of last year. So, there could be some base effect, but incremental momentum
continues to be pretty strong.
Chintan:
Okay. Thanks. And the final question is just on competitive dynamics. Have you
seen any easing off of competitive dynamics from the PSU banks? Or does it
remain intense as ever? They've used up their LCR and LDR buffer substantially.
Just wondering if there's been any change in recent months?
Anindya Banerjee:
The way we look at it is what is our existing market share and what is the
franchise capable of delivering. Our belief is that our franchise should deliver
more. And there is always some set of competition that you have to deal with.
But I think there is enough business for us to do within our frameworks, and we
keep calibrating based on sort of the interest rate environment and the
competitive environment. We will keep looking at that as we go along, but that is
not sort of something that is holding us back currently.
Chintan:
I appreciate looking at yourself and not at others. But the asset pricing kind of
gets impacted by those things, right? That's why I was asking that question. So,
are you seeing asset pricing improve?
Anindya Banerjee:
It's a large market and there is enough for us to do. We are, for example, some of
the rates that get quoted, we are not doing that kind of business, but there is
enough other business where we are comfortable with risk-adjusted returns on a
customer basis, which we do.
Chintan:
Okay. Thank you so much.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from HSBC. Please
go ahead.
Abhishek Murarka:
Good evening and congratulations for the strong quarter. I just wanted to go back
to the fee income question. And you mentioned that it is largely disbursement
linked and disbursements have gone up.
But if I just look at the overall growth of 23%, assuming card fees is also a chunk
of your fee and card balances are lower. Is the rest of it just disbursement linked?
Or is there any other fee line item that has picked up significantly? So that's my
first question.
Anindya Banerjee:
No. I did not say that it is disbursement linked. I just said that overall business
volumes and business growth has gone up. So that will partly reflect in it,
particularly the increase, for example, on the corporate side, continued growth on
the business banking side and the pickup in retail. Our fee income has a range of
components, cards, as you mentioned, the loan processing fees, transaction
banking and trade, forex and derivatives. There is all those elements, the deposit-
linked fees, all those have seen a growth. And at different times, there may be
more opportunity in one segment than the other, which we have to keep making
sure that we are there across the opportunity spectrum within our kind of risk
framework, which is what we do. And also, as I said, there is some base effect
last year because last year, the Q1 was indeed not a good quarter from a fee
perspective.
Abhishek Murarka:
Right.
Anindya Banerjee:
If you look at it sequentially, the increase in the fee line June quarter over March
quarter is about Rs. 5 billion or so.
Abhishek Murarka:
Yes. Because sequential seasonality would be there, but I'm just trying to wonder
in these 5 or 6 buckets that you have highlighted, which are the ones where you
see significant opportunity or pickup right now? Are there any 1 or 2 buckets
which are contributing a lot right now just because of the market?
Anindya Banerjee:
Opportunity is there across the board. As you said, maybe cards is one area
where fee growth is less than what we would want it to be, although at a PBT
level, the business has done very well because of the reduction in credit costs. But
there is opportunity across the board.
Abhishek Murarka:
Right. Okay. And I wanted to check on cards and PL. How we've been saying that
overall, we are comfortable with the environment, but growth has not picked up
a whole lot, right?
So, in cards, you were also trying to sort of clean up the portfolio a bit, if I
remember correctly. So, can you give an update on how you see the growth in
these 2 businesses, let's say, from a next 12-15 months perspective?
Anindya Banerjee:
PL has picked up quite a bit actually, 12% year-on-year and 4% sequential
growth. I think it's after a long time that we are seeing those kinds of numbers.
Cards, the revolver rates are lower. So that is impacting the book growth. But
we'll see how to optimize that as we go along.
Abhishek Murarka:
PL, the growth is sustainable, 4% Q-o-Q kind of run rate?
Anindya Banerjee:
I don't want to really give an outlook per se. We had gone down to a declining
portfolio from that, we are at 4% sequential growth. I don't see anything today
that will reduce growth, but we will take it as it comes.
Abhishek Murarka:
Got it. And just finally, on ECLGS, how is the offtake? How much disbursements
have you done? Can you just give some sort of an update on what kind of uptake
you're seeing on that product?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, I think I answered that. We are getting some inquiries, and we are doing some
of that. It's part of the increase in the business banking book. So that is something
that has been done for the benefit of the customer and wherever it is appropriate,
we are doing it.
Abhishek Murarka:
Okay. Alright. Thank you and all the best.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of M.B. Mahesh from Kotak Securities.
Please go ahead.
M.B. Mahesh:
Anindya, just a couple of questions. First is on this corporate loans. This recovery
in growth that we are seeing in your bank and also in some of the other banks as
well. If you could just kind of give us some colour as to how much of it is a
demand-led growth that one is seeing because of capex versus probably a credit
substitution or a short-term working capital demand that has come through?
Anindya Banerjee:
See, the corporates were always doing what they were doing. They are doing
capex to the extent that they were doing capex. But certainly, bond markets this
quarter have not favoured the corporate sector. If you see, we have a reasonable
increase in our NBFC portfolio as well.
So, part of it is a shift from bond markets, part of it is working capital utilization,
part of it may be corporates taking on some borrowings and just maintaining
some liquidity buffers as they also want to be sort of have greater resilience in
this uncertain environment. And to the extent that they are investing or were
investing, that also continues, maybe the source of financing has shifted a little.
M.B. Mahesh:
But you don't see any meaningful increase in, let's say, loan proposals relating to
fresh capex over what you've seen earlier? Would that be fair?
Anindya Banerjee:
I'm hesitant to make a comment which can get extrapolated at a system level.
We are dealing with our customer base and catering to their needs. The
customers are doing a range of things, and they were doing and are doing capex
and new investments as well. But obviously, in addition to that, some shift in
funding mix is also there. And this quarter, in particular, we saw a healthy pipeline
at reasonable rates. So that is what has led to this growth.
M.B. Mahesh:
Perfect. Second question, this pertains to retail side. I know you've done well on
loan growth on that part of the market. If you can just kind of comment on this
entire IT corridor, both on the asset side as well as on the liability side. How is the
demand for retail assets? And have you seen any change on the liability side?
Thank you.
Anindya Banerjee:
No, we have not seen any change actually. In terms of inflows into the savings,
etc., they are quite stable. We've not seen any change. And as you can see, the
performance of the retail portfolio has only improved. In fact, additions have come
off and in particular, if you look at it on a year-on-year basis, unsecured additions
have come off. I think things are quite stable from that perspective.
M.B. Mahesh:
Okay done. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. I
would now like to hand the conference back to management for closing
comments. Over to you, sir.
Anindya Banerjee:
Thank you very much for making time for the call, and we'll take any other
questions that you have as we interact going forward. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Bank, that concludes this conference. Thank you all
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.