ICICI Bank Limited
Earnings conference call - Quarter ended December 31, 2024 (Q3-2025)
January 25, 2025
Certain definitions in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia concerning
our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking statements intended to
qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws including the US Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-
looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and
regulatory changes, international economic and business conditions, political or economic
instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations or which affect global or Indian economic
conditions, increase in nonperforming loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign
exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the
adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking products
and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, changes in
India’s sovereign rating, as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein
are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this release. ICICI
Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results
are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
These filings are available at www.sec.gov
This release does not constitute an offer of securities.
1
Moderator:
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to ICICI Bank Limited Q3-FY2025
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call,
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please
note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Managing Director and
CEO of ICICI Bank. Thank you and over to you sir.
Mr. Bakhshi’s opening remarks
Thank you. Good evening to all of you and welcome to the ICICI Bank Earnings
Call to discuss the results for Q3 of FY2025. Joining us today on this call are
Sandeep Batra, Rakesh, Ajay, Anindya and Abhinek.
The operating environment for the banking system continues to be dynamic
based on evolving global and domestic economic factors. We would continue to
monitor domestic inflation, liquidity, rates and uncertainties in the global
environment.
At ICICI Bank, our strategic focus continues to be on growing profit before tax
excluding treasury through the 360-degree customer centric approach and by
serving opportunities across ecosystems and micromarkets. We continue to
operate within our strategic framework to strengthen our franchise. Maintaining
high standards of governance, deepening coverage and enhancing delivery
capabilities are focus areas for our risk calibrated profitable growth.
2
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 12.8% year-on-year and 3.2%
quarter-on-quarter to 152.89 billion Rupees in this quarter. The core operating
profit increased by 13.1% year-on-year and 2.9% quarter-on-quarter to 165.16
billion Rupees in this quarter. Excluding dividend income from subsidiaries, the
core operating profit increased by 14.7% year-on-year and 3.3% quarter-on-
quarter to 160.07 billion Rupees in this quarter. The profit after tax grew by 14.8%
year-on-year to 117.92 billion Rupees in this quarter.
Total deposits grew by 14.1% year-on-year and 1.5% sequentially at December
31, 2024. During the quarter, average deposits grew by 13.7% year-on-year and
2.1% sequentially and average current and savings account deposits grew by
12.6% year-on-year and 2.3% sequentially. The Bank’s average liquidity coverage
ratio for the quarter was about 123%.
The domestic loan portfolio grew by 15.1% year-on-year and 3.2% sequentially
at December 31, 2024. The retail loan portfolio grew by 10.5% year-on-year and
1.4% sequentially. Including non-fund based outstanding, the retail portfolio was
43.9% of the total portfolio. The rural portfolio grew by 12.2% year-on-year and
0.9% sequentially. The business banking portfolio grew by 31.9% year-on-year
and 6.4% sequentially. The domestic corporate portfolio grew by 13.2% year-on-
year and 4.3% sequentially. The overall loan portfolio including the international
branches portfolio grew by 13.9% year-on-year and 2.9% sequentially at
December 31, 2024.
The net NPA ratio was 0.42% at December 31, 2024 compared to 0.42% at
September 30, 2024 and 0.44% at December 31, 2023. The total provisions during
the quarter were 12.27 billion Rupees or 7.4% of core operating profit and 0.37%
of average advances. The provisioning coverage ratio on non-performing loans
was 78.2% at December 31, 2024. In addition, the Bank continues to hold
contingency provisions of 131.00 billion Rupees or about 1.0% of total loans at
December 31, 2024.
3
The capital position of the Bank continued to be strong with a CET-1 ratio of
15.93% and total capital adequacy ratio of 16.60% at December 31, 2024,
including profits for 9M-2025.
Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to drive risk calibrated profitable
growth. We believe our focus on customer 360 degree, extensive franchise and
collaboration within the organisation, backed by our focus on enhancing delivery
systems and simplifying processes will enable us to deliver holistic solutions to
customers in a seamless manner and grow market share across key segments.
We will continue to make investments in technology, people, distribution and
building our brand. We are laying strong emphasis on strengthening our
operational resilience for seamless delivery of services to customers. We will
remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet with prudent provisioning
and healthy levels of capital. The principles of “Return of Capital”, “Fair to
Customer, Fair to Bank” and “One Bank, One Team” will continue to guide our
operations. We remain focused on delivering consistent and predictable returns
to our shareholders.
I now hand the call over to Anindya.
4
Anindya’s opening remarks
Thank you, Sandeep. I will talk about loan growth, credit quality, P&L details,
technology initiatives, portfolio trends and performance of subsidiaries.
A. Loan growth
Sandeep covered the loan growth across various segments. Coming to the
growth across retail products, the mortgage portfolio grew by 11.4% year-on-
year and 2.1% sequentially. Auto loans grew by 6.6% year-on-year and 1.7%
sequentially. The commercial vehicles and equipment portfolio grew by 7.4%
year-on-year and 1.7% sequentially. Personal loans grew by 8.8% year-on-year
and declined 1.3% sequentially. The credit card portfolio grew by 17.9% year-on-
year and 2.8% sequentially. The personal loans and credit card portfolio were
9.2% and 4.3% of the overall loan book respectively at December 31, 2024.
The overseas loan portfolio, in US dollar terms, declined 21.2% year-on-year at
December 31, 2024. The overseas loan portfolio was about 2.4% of the overall
loan book at December 31, 2024. Of the overseas corporate portfolio, about 90%
comprises Indian corporates.
B. Credit quality
The gross NPA additions were 60.85 billion Rupees in the current quarter
compared to 59.16 billion Rupees in the first quarter of the current fiscal year and
50.73 billion Rupees in the previous quarter i.e. second quarter of the current fiscal
year. Recoveries and upgrades from gross NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale,
were 33.92 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 32.92 billion Rupees
in the first quarter of the current fiscal year and 33.19 billion Rupees in the
previous quarter. The net additions to gross NPAs were 26.93 billion Rupees in
5
the current quarter compared to 26.24 billion Rupees in the first quarter of the
current fiscal year and 17.54 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.
The gross NPA additions from the retail and rural portfolios were 53.04 billion
Rupees in the current quarter compared to 52.04 billion Rupees in the first quarter
of the current fiscal year and 43.41 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. We
typically see higher NPA additions from the kisan credit card portfolio in the first
and third quarter of a fiscal year. There were gross NPA additions of about 7.14
billion Rupees from the kisan credit card portfolio in the current quarter compared
to 7.21 billion Rupees in the first quarter of the current fiscal year. Recoveries and
upgrades from the retail and rural portfolios were 27.86 billion Rupees compared
to 25.32 billion Rupees in the first quarter of the current fiscal year and 25.92
billion Rupees in the previous quarter. The net additions to gross NPAs in the retail
and rural portfolios were 25.18 billion Rupees compared to 26.72 billion Rupees
in the first quarter of the current fiscal year and 17.49 billion Rupees in the
previous quarter.
The gross NPA additions from the corporate and business banking portfolios
were 7.81 billion Rupees compared to 7.32 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.
Recoveries and upgrades from the corporate and business banking portfolios
were 6.06 billion Rupees compared to 7.27 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.
There were net additions to gross NPAs of 1.75 billion Rupees in the corporate
and business banking portfolios compared to net addition of 0.05 billion Rupees
in the previous quarter.
The gross NPAs written-off during the quarter were 20.11 billion Rupees. There
was sale of NPAs of 0.58 billion Rupees for cash in the current quarter compared
to 0.16 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.
The non-fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was
31.60 billion Rupees as of December 31, 2024 compared to 33.82 billion Rupees
6
as of September 30, 2024. The provisions on this non-fund based outstanding
declined to 17.12 billion Rupees at December 31, 2024 from 19.11 billion Rupees
at September 30, 2024, reflecting the decline in the outstanding itself.
The total fund based outstanding to all standard borrowers under resolution as
per various guidelines declined to 21.07 billion Rupees or about 0.2% of the total
loan portfolio at December 31, 2024 from 25.46 billion Rupees at September 30,
2024. Of the total fund based outstanding under resolution at December 31,
2024, 19.36 billion Rupees was from the retail and rural portfolios and 1.71 billion
Rupees was from the corporate and business banking portfolios. The Bank holds
provisions of 6.91 billion Rupees against these borrowers, which is higher than
the requirement as per RBI guidelines.
Moving on to the P&L details:
C. P&L details
Net interest income increased by 9.1% year-on-year to 203.71 billion Rupees in
this quarter. The net interest margin was 4.25% in this quarter compared to 4.27%
in the previous quarter and 4.43% in Q3 of last year. The impact of interest on
income tax refund on net interest margin was 1 basis point in current quarter, nil
in the previous quarter and 4 basis points impact in Q3 of last year.
The domestic NIM was 4.32% in this quarter compared to 4.34% in the previous
quarter and 4.52% in Q3 of last year. The cost of deposits was 4.91% in this
quarter compared to 4.88% in the previous quarter. Of the total domestic loans,
interest rates on 52% of the loans are linked to the repo rate, 16% to MCLR and
other older benchmarks and 1% to other external benchmarks. The balance 31%
of loans have fixed interest rates.
Non-interest income, excluding treasury, grew by 12.1% year-on-year to 66.97
billion Rupees in Q3 of 2025.
7
• Fee income increased by 16.3% year-on-year to 61.80 billion Rupees in this
quarter. Fees from retail, rural and business banking customers constituted
about 78% of the total fees in this quarter.
• Dividend income from subsidiaries was 5.09 billion Rupees in this quarter
compared to 6.50 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year. Dividend income from
subsidiaries was 19.44 billion Rupees in 9M of current year compared to 15.89
billion Rupees in 9M of last year.
On Costs: The Bank’s operating expenses increased by 5.0% year-on-year in this
quarter. Employee expenses increased by 3.1% year-on-year and non-employee
expenses increased by 6.2% year-on-year in this quarter. Our branch count has
increased by 129 in Q3 and 219 in 9M of current year. We had 6,742 branches as
of December 31, 2024. The technology expenses were about 10.5% of our
operating expenses in 9M of current year.
The total provisions during the quarter were 12.27 billion Rupees or 7.4% of core
operating profit and 0.37% of average advances compared to the provisions of
12.33 billion rupees in the previous quarter.
The provisioning coverage on non-performing loans was 78.2% as of December
31, 2024. In addition, we hold 6.91 billion Rupees of provisions on borrowers
under resolution. Further, the Bank continues to hold contingency provision of
131.00 billion Rupees as of December 31, 2024. At the end of December, the total
provisions, other than specific provisions on fund-based outstanding to
borrowers classified as non-performing, were 225.69 billion Rupees or 1.7% of
loans.
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 12.8% year-on-year to 152.89
billion Rupees in Q3 of this year.
8
Treasury gains were 3.71 billion Rupees in Q3 as compared to a treasury gain of
1.23 billion Rupees in Q3 of the previous year. As you are aware, the treasury
gains for the current quarter vis-a-vis the same quarter last year, would not be
comparable due to the implementation of the revised investment accounting
guidelines from the first of April of the current year.
The tax expense was 38.68 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 34.02
billion Rupees in the corresponding quarter last year. The profit after tax grew by
14.8% year-on-year to 117.92 billion Rupees in this quarter.
D. Technology initiatives
We continue to enhance the use of technology in our operations to provide
simplified solutions to customers. The Bank has introduced DigiEase, a digital
platform designed to streamline the customer onboarding process for Business
Banking. This enhances operational efficiency and customer experience by
integrating multiple digital services into a single seamless workflow. iLens, the
retail lending platform, is being upgraded on an ongoing basis, with retail credit
cards now integrated in the platform along with mortgages, personal loans and
education loans.
We continue to make investments in the computing infrastructure and upgrade
digital channels to further strengthen system resilience and simplify processes for
enhancing customer experience.
E. Portfolio information
We have provided details on our retail, rural and business banking portfolios on
slides 25 to 28 of the investor presentation.
The loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing corporate borrowers
rated BB and below was 21.93 billion Rupees at December 31, 2024 compared
9
to 33.86 billion Rupees at September 30, 2024. This portfolio was about 0.2% of
our advances at December 31, 2024. Other than one account, the maximum
single borrower outstanding in the BB and below portfolio was less than 5.00
billion Rupees at December 31, 2024. The Bank holds provision of 0.92 billion
Rupees against this portfolio at December 31, 2024.
The total outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs was 893.60 billion Rupees at
December 31, 2024 compared to 880.27 billion Rupees at September 30, 2024.
The total outstanding loans to NBFCs and HFCs were about 6.8% of our advances
at December 31, 2024.
The builder portfolio including construction finance, lease rental discounting, term
loans and working capital was 586.36 billion Rupees at December 31, 2024
compared to 542.16 billion Rupees at September 30, 2024. The builder portfolio
was about 4.5% of our total loan portfolio. Our portfolio largely comprises well-
established builders and this is also reflected in the sequential increase in the
portfolio. About 1.7% of the builder portfolio at December 31, 2024 was either
rated BB and below internally or was classified as non-performing, compared to
1.9% at September 30, 2024.
F. Consolidated results
The consolidated profit after tax grew by 16.6% year-on-year to 128.83 billion
Rupees in this quarter.
The details of the financial performance of key subsidiaries are covered in slides
36 to 38 and 57 to 62 in the investor presentation.
The annualised premium equivalent of ICICI Life was 69.05 billion Rupees in nine
months ended December 31, 2024 compared to 54.30 billion Rupees in nine
months of last year. The value of new business was 15.75 billion Rupees in nine
10
months ended December 31, 2024 compared to 14.51 billion Rupees in nine
months of last year. The value of new business margin was 22.8% in nine months
ended December 31, 2024 compared to 26.7% in nine months of last year and
24.6% in FY2024. The profit after tax of ICICI Life was 8.03 billion Rupees in nine
months ended December 31, 2024 compared to 6.79 billion Rupees in nine
months of last year and 3.26 billion Rupees in current quarter compared to 2.27
billion Rupees in Q3 of last year.
Gross Direct Premium Income of ICICI General was 62.14 billion Rupees in current
quarter compared to 62.30 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year. The combined ratio
stood at 102.7% in current quarter compared to 103.6% in Q3 of last year. The
profit after tax was 7.24 billion Rupees in current quarter compared to 4.31 billion
Rupees in Q3 of last year. With effect from October 1, 2024, long-term products
are accounted on 1/n basis, as mandated by IRDAI, hence Q3 numbers are not
fully comparable.
The profit after tax of ICICI AMC, as per Ind AS was 6.32 billion Rupees in this
quarter compared to 5.46 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year.
The profit after tax of ICICI Securities, as per Ind AS on a consolidated basis, was
5.04 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 4.66 billion Rupees in Q3 of last
year.
ICICI Bank Canada had a profit after tax of 19.6 million Canadian dollars in this
quarter compared to 15.9 million Canadian dollars in Q3 last year.
ICICI Bank UK had a profit after tax of 5.1 million US dollars in this quarter
compared to 6.7 million US dollars in Q3 of last year.
As per Ind AS, ICICI Home Finance had a profit after tax of 2.03 billion Rupees in
the current quarter compared to 1.86 billion Rupees in Q3 of last year.
11
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and we will now be happy to take
your questions.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question and answer session.
The first question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama Wealth.
Please go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My first question is on provisioning. So, what would be the utilisation or reversal
of provisions this quarter? Because provisions in your non-fund have gone down
and you explained that, that's because the exposure has only gone down and
then restructuring or resolution provisions have also gone down. So, what would
be the number? Or it's just the two of these?
Anindya Banerjee:
We don't give the number of write-back separately. I think what we are seeing
overall on the credit cost side is that on the retail business banking portfolio, it
continues to be quite stable. On the corporate portfolio, incrementally, there is
practically no credit cost or NPL formation, but we are seeing continuous
improvement in the quality of the portfolios that we have been calling out over
the years, such as the non-fund outstanding to NPAs or restructured assets or
the ‘BB and below’ portfolio. We also continue to see some recoveries from
accounts written off in the past. So, I think that's contributing to the provision line.
Overall, as we have been saying, the provisions do vary a little bit from quarter-
to-quarter, both because of the loan book and other factors. For example, over
the last, maybe not the last quarter, but previous two-three quarters, we had ups
and downs in, for example, the AIF-related provisioning. But I think overall, we
12
continue to be within sort of the 50 bps that we have been talking of in previous
calls, the reported number for this quarter being 37 bps.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Got it. Fair enough. And just on deposit growth, so the sequential run rate is a bit
softer this time. That is just because of the liquidity environment or any comments
there?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think it's because of the funding requirement, you know, so if you see system
loan growth did slow down a little bit, which is to a lesser extent reflected in our
portfolio as well. There was a CRR cut effective the middle of December. And we
also saw some reduction if you look at our investor presentation in our RIDF
portfolio and so on. So, it's really a function of the requirement.
We also were able to take in some very cost-effective refinance borrowings. We
continue to maintain very strong liquidity. Our LCR actually went up slightly this
quarter. Average for the quarter was 123%. So, it's more driven by the
requirement than anything else.
Mahrukh Adajania:
Okay. I just wanted one last clarification. So, you have called out gross farm
slippages. I mean, you always do call out. So, thank you for that. But would there
be a comparable number for second quarter or it's just first and third only? Like if
you want to?
Anindya Banerjee:
Largely it comes in the first and third only.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rikin Shah from IIFL. Please go ahead.
13
Rikin Shah:
Just one question, and it's on operating cost, operating expenses. So, they have
been flattish for the last three quarters and this is despite the tech expenses that
you have been incurring. Just wanted to understand how much further flex do we
have to manage the opex at the current levels or alternatively when do you see
that kind of picking up in line with your business growth? And data keeping
question would be, what would be the outstanding employee headcount as of
end of December?
Anindya Banerjee:
You know, the head count does keep evolving in line with our requirements, how
we want to staff the Bank and what is the requirement at any point in time. We
continue to invest in branches. As you would have seen, we have added 129 in
the current quarter.
Overall, when we look at costs, I think the way we feel is that we do have a large
cost base, and there are always opportunities for bringing in efficiencies in that
cost base by streamlining our internal processes, integrating workflows, and
removing redundancies which are not required.
So, I think that's an ongoing journey, both in terms of how do we sort of leverage
the cost base much better, and at the same time, we continue to invest in the
growth requirements of the business as well as in things like IT security and
reliability. So, that's a process which goes on.
I would think that our aim would be to continue to leverage the cost base better.
And we don't think that there needs to be a sort of linear relationship with the top
line.
Rikin Shah:
14
Very helpful. And would you be able to quantify the outstanding headcount as of
December?
Anindya Banerjee:
We give that number on an annual basis now. So, we have not been giving it.
Moderator:
Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Kunal Shah:
Firstly, on the yield side, so last time you indicated the impact of number of days
also being there. So, this time when we look at the over declining yields of 8 odd
basis points, is it primarily on account of KCC or there has been any impact of the
days? And would it be fair to assume that this day count would entirely unwind
in 4Q and there should be a positive bias towards the yields?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, as far as the movement from Q2 to Q3 is concerned, you are right, it's largely
the impact of the KCC because there a longer period of interest accrual gets
reversed in that one quarter. As far as the day count etc. as we had said, I think
last quarter, that Q4 has a lesser number of days, so just mathematically you
would see some unwinding.
Kunal Shah:
So, that should be there. And secondly, on the corporate banking side, generally
maybe we are more focused in terms of the risk-return approach. This quarter,
we have seen a decent level of growth on the corporate side, while retail, there is
some slowdown because of the unsecured lending. But otherwise, maybe is the
pricing intensity easing over there? Would it be slightly margin dilutive? We have
not seen the impact this quarter. So, how should we look at the overall corporate
banking growth?
15
Anindya Banerjee:
I wouldn't say it is going to be margin dilutive and so on. The way we look at it is
we look at the overall relationship with the corporate. I think we don't want to
take very chunky, finely priced, long-term exposures just for the sake of loan
growth. That's not our approach at all.
But we do have an ongoing relationship with corporates where there could be
periodic working capital requirements or short-term lending requirements or
longer-term requirements where indeed it does meet our overall sort of P&L
aspirations.
So, we keep looking, I think we have a very active franchise and engagement with
corporate clients across the spectrum, and we keep taking advantage of those
opportunities to work with them as and when they come up and fit our sort of
approach.
Kunal Shah:
And there was an increase also in ‘BBB and above’, okay, by almost like 210 odd
basis points. So, this is maybe incremental growth coming in from there or maybe
business banking. How should we read that?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think it could largely be an upgrade from the BB because as you can see the BB
portfolio has reduced.
Kunal Shah:
Yes, that's 60 basis points. Yes.
16
Anindya Banerjee:
That will reflect partly in the increase in the BBB. Of course, we could be doing
incremental BBB lending also. I mean, it's investment grade for us. But we have
limits on how much of that we would do.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. Please go
ahead.
Piran Engineer:
Congrats on another steady quarter. Just firstly on retail products, a couple of
ones on mortgages, we were growing at 16-17%, now down to 11%. Is that more
a function of pricing in the industry or just overall slowdown? And same for
vehicle loans. We understand that this year was a slowdown, but what's your
house outlook for next year?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, in mortgages, of course, I think there is an element of price competition which
is there and which has been there over a period of time. But there has been, I
would say, the incremental disbursements have not been growing as much. They
continue to hold up. As you are aware, overall, there seems to be continued
momentum in the mid and higher segments of the market and maybe some
softening in the more affordable type of segment.
On vehicle loans, I think it's more a function of the underlying sort of asset class
itself, because we are primarily in new car financing. And there I think we had, if
you look at actually last year or early part of this year, we had a pretty good run,
maybe more recently the market has slowed. I think it will go through its ups and
downs as customers replace or as new models come, which typically create their
sort of wave of excitement in the market. I guess, you will see it go from a good
quarter to a bad quarter. That's the way it will work.
17
Piran Engineer:
Secondly, just on business banking now, this has been a product that you all, as
well as your peers, have gone really strong on. What really can go wrong for the
industry two years later? Because today everything looks hunky-dory but is there
some part which we are missing here because it seems like almost a fairy tale
business?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, I think if you look at the bigger picture of the way this business has evolved
over the last few years. I think at the customer level, I think that there has been a
great deal of formalisation, introduction of GST, digitisation of the business and
a fairly high degree of digital adoption by this customer segment itself and a
reasonable level of credit discipline. I think in India, we are one of the countries
where you have the commercial bureau as well. So that certainly helps. So, I think
that there is a fair degree of formalisation, digitisation, and credit discipline. That
helps banks like us for whom this segment becomes much more underwritable.
Also, we look at this segment from a holistic perspective, we have a very strong
customer 360 focus in this segment, and we really look at not just the lending
piece but also all the transaction banking and the liability piece as well. So, in that
sense, it's a segment which we want to focus on.
From a credit perspective, two, three things, I think. One is that it's a reasonably
well-secured segment. So, you do get, particularly in the more granular sections
of the portfolio, you do have collateral as well. Second, the portfolio itself is quite
granular and quite diversified. So, it will hopefully behave more like a retail
portfolio rather than a corporate portfolio where a single borrower or a couple of
borrowers can create more damage. And of course, it's a portfolio where you have
to keep monitoring, and you have to have a very close eye on what is happening
with the borrowers. A lot of it is working capital which also helps because you
18
see the way that the account is being operated and how it is behaving. So, it has
to be tightly managed in terms of not just the initial underwriting, but also keeping
a close eye on borrower behavior through the appropriate portfolio monitoring
mechanism. I think as of now, we are very comfortable with the quality of the
portfolio.
Piran Engineer:
And it's fair to say that the credit cost in this business is lower than your retail
book. Right?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes, currently that would be the case. Yes.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from Motilal Oswal.
Please go ahead.
Nitin Agarwal:
So, I have a few questions. First is on the fee income. We have seen a good
traction in fee income this quarter. So, now with the margins being constantly like
under pressure and likely to remain so as the cycle turns, is it fair to say that fee
income will continue to gain share as a percentage of total income? And what
kind of opportunities in particular are we looking at in respect to transaction
banking over the years?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, we don't really get into the proportion piece. I think we have an overall PPOP
objective, and we look at what is the way to sort of maximize that. I think
specifically on fees, as we have said, we believe that our transacting platforms
are pretty strong and the whole objective is to get more and more adoption of
those by our existing customers and acquire more and more new customers on
19
the strength of those platforms across the entire spectrum from large corporates
to small businesses.
Cards and payments is also a focus area, which is doing well for us. So, I would
say we have seen a pretty decent growth across cards and payments, transaction
banking, the Fx and derivatives part of transaction banking, as well as the pure
lending-linked fees that are related to loan disbursals or renewals or sanctions
and so on.
So, I think we will continue to look at that and try to drive adoption of our
platforms as much as possible.
Nitin Agarwal:
And the second question is on the trade-off between say growth and the focus
around asset quality. Because if I see while Bank has done a very good job in
navigating through this environment and yet delivering one of the better growth
amongst the larger banks. But if I look at in context to that the slippages have
also been just 6% Y-o-Y growth in slippages and the slippage rate has actually
come down. So, how are we like assessing this asset quality situation and
strategizing on growth? Because it's a very sort of a fine way to maintain
between the two. So, are we tightening too much or how are we actually reading
that on the growth part?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, as I spoke, I don't think concerns on asset quality are really holding us back
from growth. I mean, we definitely see growth, a good growth opportunity. As I
mentioned, on the corporate sector continues to do, which is 20% of our portfolio
continues to do very well. And at the margin, we are actually continuing to see
some clawbacks of past provisioning or losses that we may have taken. Again,
now close to 20%, 17-18% of the portfolio now is the whole business banking
20
space, which we talked about in some detail. So, we certainly see very good
growth opportunity there.
On the retail side, I would say that on the secured side, I think the slippages have
been quite stable. You know, they will keep going up in absolute terms as the
portfolio grows and seasons, but I think our credit experience has been pretty
stable.
Unsecured, as we have commented in the past, we have seen, as has the whole
system, some increase in delinquencies and NPL additions over the last maybe
six quarters or six to seven quarters and we have taken corrective actions on that
because of which, for example, you see the personal loan portfolio flattening out
this quarter, but I think there also the trend has stabilized and hopefully as these
actions feed through more maybe a couple of quarters down the line, we should
start seeing some improvement.
But even for the moment I think they are quite stable and all of these are anyway
getting absorbed in a very healthy credit cost number. So, as of today, I don't
think we see that trade-off and to the extent we needed to make that trade-off,
particularly on the PL side, I think we have made it.
Moderator:
Next question is from the line of Param Subramanian from Nomura. Please go
ahead.
Param Subramanian:
Congratulations on another great quarter. Firstly on CASA, so if I look at both
your daily average CASA which you report and the period end, for the last three
quarters both these numbers have actually been in a band, which is not the case
for the rest of the system and especially your SA growth is pretty healthy at 13%.
21
I think most of your peer group would be at a low single-digit sort of number. So,
what is driving this outperformance?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, I guess, the way we approach this is that we don't really pursue any particular
type of deposit. I think what we want to achieve is that we should increase our
share of business with existing customers and acquire new good customers and
they should do as much of their banking as possible through us. And whatever
shape that takes, it could be CA or SA or a fixed deposit, we would want a bigger
portion of that share. So, we don't really therefore drive any particular number in
this regard.
I think this approach has worked well because I think probably the conversation
with the customer is really about doing more banking with us rather than getting
a particular deposit or type of deposit. I think our digital platforms do help
because once the customer becomes digitally active and starts using those
platforms, the stickiness and therefore, the balances tend to go up.
Param Subramanian:
Got it, Anindya, but it's not any change in the product offering or pricing or any
such thing at all, right?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, no, none at all.
Param Subramanian:
Secondly, Anindya, I don't know if you mentioned this earlier, but just on the
employee cost, the absolute number is down for two quarters in a row now. So,
what is driving that?
22
Anindya Banerjee:
So that, you know, there are many variables, for example, provisions for retirals
and things like that, which do impact it on a sequential basis.
Param Subramanian:
And headcount reduction as well, the gross number?
Anindya Banerjee:
That is something, as I said, that's a moving number. There could be in a quarter
some reduction and then it will come back up later as and when we hire to meet
our requirements.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chintan Joshi from Autonomous.
Please go ahead.
Chintan Joshi:
Hi, Anindya. Two questions. If I can pick up your comment about kind of the
provisioning cost, you are indicating that the underlying level is comfortable
around 50 basis points. Should we think about this also in the context of the next
year? And the reason to ask the question is mainly because you recycled about
30 basis points of provisions. Actually, that's incorrect. Your provisions to loan
number has come down from 2% to 1.7% and we are not sure how much of that
is recycled through the P&L. So, just trying to understand what could be a
sustainable level as we look into the next 12-18 months.
Anindya Banerjee:
No, there is nothing called recycling. I mean, we give that absolute number. As
you are aware, in part of that number is the Rs. 131 billion of contingency
provision, which is really sort of a fixed number that we, I think, reached that level
23
by March of 2023. And thereafter, we have not been making further contingency
provisions.
As I said, apart from the retail provisioning and so on, on the corporate side, there
are always some releases which come, which are really reflective of improvement
in the quality of the portfolio or recoveries that we have made. So, that's the way
it works. The numbers are all there.
We don't really give an outlook for next year, but as we have always been saying,
these numbers could inch up, but we don't see anything which worries us
particularly or where we see any dramatic increase.
Chintan Joshi:
And then the second question was on the RIDF. Your requirements, your RIDF
number has been coming down for a while now. I am just wondering, are there
any shortfalls building up on the balance sheet that RBI may ask you to increase
this balance down the line or take on some more PSLC or are you very
comfortably placed even in the more difficult segments of the PSL? Just
wondering how much of this is sustainable or if we should factor some increase
down the line?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, the number is so small now that even if you factor some increase, I don't think
it will have too much of an impact. We, of course do significant PSLC purchases,
particularly for the small farmer category, while on most other categories we are
in a surplus position. So, that's a cost that has been getting reflected in the P&L
over the years. Hopefully, we will be able to still meet the compliance targets, but
at a Rs. 17,000 crore portfolio on this balance sheet now, it's Rs. 15,000 crore
portfolio actually, it's not too relevant a number even if it goes up somewhat.
24
Chintan Joshi:
And a quick data question. How much of the business banking book is unsecured?
Anindya Banerjee:
So, we don't split that out. It could be largely secured.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will take that as the last
question. I will now hand the conference over to the management for closing
comments.
Anindya Banerjee:
As always, thank you for taking time out on a Saturday evening and we can take
any other questions you have offline. Thank you very much.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Bank Limited, that concludes this
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
Thank you.
25