Analyst call on October 26, 2024: Opening Remarks
Certain definitions in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia concerning
our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking statements intended to
qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws including the US Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-
looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and
regulatory changes, international economic and business conditions, political or economic
instability in the jurisdictions where we have operations or which affect global or Indian economic
conditions, increase in nonperforming loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, foreign
exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, the
adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking products
and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, changes in
India’s sovereign rating, as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United
States Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein
are based on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this release. ICICI
Bank undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results
are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
These filings are available at www.sec.gov
This release does not constitute an offer of securities.
1
Mr. Bakhshi’s opening remarks
Thank you. Good evening to all of you and welcome to the ICICI Bank Earnings
Call to discuss the results for Q2 of FY2025. Joining us today on this call are
Sandeep Batra, Rakesh, Ajay, Anindya and Abhinek.
The Indian economy remains resilient based on its long-term growth drivers and
the actions and initiatives of the policymakers. The global and domestic inflation,
liquidity and rate environment continue to evolve, and we would continue to
monitor the same.
At ICICI Bank, our strategic focus continues to be on growing profit before tax
excluding treasury through the 360-degree customer centric approach and by
serving opportunities across ecosystems and micromarkets. We continue to
operate within our strategic framework to strengthen our franchise. Maintaining
high standards of governance, deepening coverage and enhancing delivery
capabilities are focus areas for our risk calibrated profitable growth.
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 7.9% year-on-year and 5.2%
quarter-on-quarter to 148.10 billion Rupees in this quarter. The core operating
profit increased by 12.1% year-on-year and 4.1% quarter-on-quarter to 160.43
billion Rupees in this quarter. Excluding dividend income from subsidiaries and
associates, the core operating profit increased by 13.4% year-on-year and 6.8%
quarter-on-quarter to 155.02 billion Rupees in this quarter. The profit after tax
grew by 14.5% year-on-year and 6.2% quarter-on-quarter to 117.46 billion
Rupees in this quarter.
Total deposits grew by 15.7% year-on-year and 5.0% sequentially at September
30, 2024. Term deposits increased by 15.9% year-on-year and 5.5% sequentially
at September 30, 2024. During the quarter, average deposits grew by 15.6%
year-on-year and 3.6% sequentially and average current and savings account
2
deposits grew by 10.4% year-on-year and 1.8% sequentially. The Bank’s average
liquidity coverage ratio for the quarter was about 120%.
The domestic loan portfolio grew by 15.7% year-on-year and 4.6% sequentially
at September 30, 2024. The retail loan portfolio grew by 14.2% year-on-year and
2.9% sequentially. Including non-fund based outstanding, the retail portfolio was
44.9% of the total portfolio. The rural portfolio grew by 16.5% year-on-year and
1.7% sequentially. The business banking portfolio grew by 30.0% year-on-year
and 10.7% sequentially. The domestic corporate portfolio grew by 11.8% year-
on-year and 4.9% sequentially. The overall loan portfolio including the
international branches portfolio grew by 15.0% year-on-year and 4.4%
sequentially at September 30, 2024. We have revised the presentation of loans
to reflect a consolidated view of the business banking portfolio, which Anindya
will explain later on the call.
The net NPA ratio was 0.42% at September 30, 2024 compared to 0.43% at June
30, 2024 and 0.43% at September 30, 2023. The total provisions during the
quarter were 12.33 billion Rupees or 7.7% of core operating profit and 0.38% of
average advances. The provisioning coverage ratio on non-performing loans was
78.5% at September 30, 2024. In addition, the Bank continues to hold contingency
provisions of 131.00 billion Rupees or about 1.0% of total loans at September 30,
2024.
The capital position of the Bank continued to be strong with a CET-1 ratio of
15.96% and total capital adequacy ratio of 16.66% at September 30, 2024,
including profits for H1-2025.
Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to drive risk calibrated profitable
growth. We believe our focus on customer 360 degree, extensive franchise and
collaboration within the organisation, backed by our focus on enhancing delivery
systems and simplifying processes will enable us to deliver holistic solutions to
3
customers in a seamless manner and grow market share across key segments.
We will continue to make investments in technology, people, distribution and
building our brand. We are laying strong emphasis on strengthening our
operational resilience for seamless delivery of services to customers. We will
remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet with prudent provisioning
and healthy levels of capital. The principles of “Return of Capital”, “Fair to
Customer, Fair to Bank” and “One Bank, One Team” will continue to guide our
operations. We remain focused on delivering consistent and predictable returns
to our shareholders.
I now hand the call over to Anindya.
4
Anindya’s opening remarks
Thank you, Sandeep. I will talk about loan growth, credit quality, P&L details,
growth in digital offerings, portfolio trends and performance of subsidiaries.
A. Loan growth
As Sandeep mentioned, we have revised the presentation of loans to reflect a
consolidated view of the business banking portfolio. This comprises all borrowers
with a turnover of upto 7.50 billion Rupees which was earlier reflected in the
reported SME and business banking portfolios as well rural business credit
forming part of the rural portfolio, dealer funding forming part of the retail
portfolio and lending to mid-corporates forming part of the corporate portfolio.
Over the past few years, the Bank has seen healthy loan growth in this category
and has adopted an integrated approach to coverage, credit and delivery to these
customers. Aligning with the same, we would be reporting the retail, rural,
business banking and corporate portfolios on this revised basis. The comparable
data for previous periods have been provided on slide 67 of the investor
presentation.
Coming to the growth across retail products, the mortgage portfolio grew by
13.2% year-on-year and 3.2% sequentially. Auto loans grew by 9.6% year-on-
year and 0.8% sequentially. The commercial vehicles and equipment portfolio
grew by 9.1% year-on-year and was flat sequentially. Personal loans grew by
17.3% year-on-year and 3.5% sequentially. The credit card portfolio grew by
27.9% year-on-year and 3.4% sequentially. The personal loans and credit card
portfolio were 9.6% and 4.3% of the overall loan book respectively at September
30, 2024.
The overseas loan portfolio, in US dollar terms, declined by 6.9% year-on-year at
September 30, 2024. The overseas loan portfolio was about 2.6% of the overall
5
loan book at September 30, 2024. Of the overseas corporate portfolio, about 92%
comprises Indian corporates.
B. Credit quality
The gross NPA additions were 50.73 billion Rupees in the current quarter
compared to 59.16 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. Recoveries and
upgrades from gross NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale, were 33.19 billion
Rupees in the current quarter compared to 32.92 billion Rupees in the previous
quarter. The net additions to gross NPAs were 17.54 billion Rupees in the current
quarter compared to 26.24 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.
The gross NPA additions from the retail and rural portfolios were 43.41 billion
Rupees in the current quarter compared to 52.04 billion Rupees in the previous
quarter. We typically see higher NPA additions from the kisan credit card portfolio
in the first and third quarter of a fiscal year. Recoveries and upgrades from the
retail and rural portfolios were 25.92 billion Rupees compared to 25.32 billion
Rupees in the previous quarter. The net additions to gross NPAs in the retail and
rural portfolios were 17.49 billion Rupees compared to 26.72 billion Rupees in the
previous quarter.
The gross NPA additions from the corporate and business banking portfolios
were 7.32 billion Rupees compared to 7.12 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.
Recoveries and upgrades from the corporate and business banking portfolios
were 7.27 billion Rupees compared to 7.60 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.
There were net additions to gross NPAs of 0.05 billion Rupees in the corporate
and business banking portfolios compared to net deletion of 0.48 billion Rupees
in the previous quarter.
The gross NPAs written-off during the quarter were 33.36 billion Rupees. There
was sale of NPAs of 0.16 billion rupees for cash in the current quarter compared
to 1.14 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.
6
The non-fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was
33.82 billion Rupees as of September 30, 2024 compared to 35.43 billion Rupees
as of June 30, 2024. The Bank holds provisions amounting to 19.11 billion Rupees
against this non-fund based outstanding.
The total fund based outstanding to all standard borrowers under resolution as
per various guidelines declined to 25.46 billion Rupees or about 0.2% of the total
loan portfolio at September 30, 2024 from 27.35 billion Rupees at June 30, 2024.
Of the total fund based outstanding under resolution at September 30, 2024,
21.29 billion Rupees was from the retail and rural portfolios and 4.17 billion
Rupees was from the corporate and business banking portfolios. The Bank holds
provisions of 8.12 billion Rupees against these borrowers, which is higher than
the requirement as per RBI guidelines.
Moving on to the P&L details:
C. P&L details
Net interest income increased by 9.5% year-on-year to 200.48 billion Rupees in
this quarter. The net interest margin was 4.27% in this quarter compared to 4.36%
in the previous quarter and 4.53% in Q2 of last year. The impact of interest on
income tax refund on net interest margin was nil in the current, previous quarter
and no impact in Q2 of last year. The movement in net interest margin from Q1
to Q2 includes the impact of the higher number of days in the current quarter,
which should seasonally reverse in Q4.
The domestic NIM was 4.34% in this quarter compared to 4.44% in the previous
quarter and 4.61% in Q2 of last year. The cost of deposits was 4.88% in this
quarter compared to 4.84% in the previous quarter. Of the total domestic loans,
interest rates on 51% of the loans are linked to the repo rate, 1% to other external
benchmarks and 16% to MCLR and other older benchmarks. The balance 32% of
loans have fixed interest rates.
7
Non-interest income, excluding treasury, grew by 10.8% year-on-year to 64.96
billion Rupees in Q2 of 2025.
 Fee income increased by 13.3% year-on-year to 58.94 billion Rupees in this
quarter. Fees from retail, rural and business banking customers constituted
about 78% of the total fees in this quarter.
 Dividend income from subsidiaries and associates was 5.41 billion Rupees in
this quarter compared to 6.48 billion Rupees in Q2 of last year. Dividend
income from subsidiaries and associates was 14.35 billion Rupees in H1 of
current year compared to 9.40 billion Rupees in H1 of last year.
On Costs: The Bank’s operating expenses increased by 6.6% year-on-year in this
quarter. Employee expenses increased by 11.0% year-on-year and non-employee
expenses increased by 3.8% year-on-year in this quarter. The technology
expenses were about 10% of our operating expenses in H1 of current year. Our
branch count has increased by 90 in H1 of current year. We had 6,613 branches
as of September 30, 2024.
The total provisions during the quarter were 12.33 billion Rupees or 7.7% of core
operating profit and 0.4% of average advances compared to the provisions of
13.32 billion rupees in Q1 of 2025. The provisions in Q1 of 2025 also included the
impact of release of AIF provisions of 3.89 billion Rupees, pursuant to clarity on
the regulatory requirements.
The provisioning coverage on non-performing loans was 78.5% as of September
30, 2024. In addition, we hold 8.12 billion Rupees of provisions on borrowers
under resolution. Further, the Bank continues to hold contingency provision of
131.00 billion Rupees as of September 30, 2024. At the end of September, the
total provisions, other than specific provisions on fund-based outstanding to
borrowers classified as non-performing, were 231.91 billion Rupees or 1.8% of
loans.
8
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 7.9% year-on-year to 148.10
billion Rupees in Q2 of this year.
Treasury gains were 6.80 billion Rupees in Q2 as compared to a treasury loss of
0.85 billion Rupees in Q2 of the previous year, primarily reflecting realised and
mark-to-market gains in equities and fixed income securities.
The tax expense was 37.44 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 33.85
billion Rupees in the corresponding quarter last year. The profit after tax grew by
14.5% year-on-year to 117.46 billion Rupees in this quarter.
Growth in digital offerings
We continue to enhance the use of technology in our operations to provide
simplified solutions to customers. About 72% of trade transactions were done
digitally in Q2-2025. The volume of transactions done through Trade Online
platform grew by 20.0% year-on-year in Q2-2025.
D. Portfolio information
We have provided details on our retail, rural and business banking portfolios on
slides 29 to 32 of the investor presentation.
In line with the revised presentation of composition of the loan portfolio, we would
be providing the BB and below corporate portfolio from the current quarter
onwards. The loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing corporate
borrowers rated BB and below was 33.86 billion Rupees at September 30, 2024
compared to 41.64 billion Rupees at June 30, 2024. This portfolio was about 0.3%
of our advances at September 30, 2024. Other than two accounts, the maximum
single borrower outstanding in the BB and below portfolio was less than 5.00
billion Rupees at September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, we held provisions
of 6.26 billion Rupees on the BB and below portfolio compared to 8.41 billion
9
Rupees at June 30, 2024. While the SME portfolio has been carved out from the
rating-wise disclosure, the loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing
SME borrowers rated BB and below also declined in the current quarter.
The total outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs was 880.27 billion Rupees at
September 30, 2024 compared to 854.12 billion Rupees at June 30, 2024. The
total outstanding loans to NBFCs and HFCs were about 6.9% of our advances at
September 30, 2024. The sequential increase in the outstanding to NBFCs and
HFCs is mainly due to disbursement to entities having long vintage and entities
owned by well-established corporate groups.
The builder portfolio including construction finance, lease rental discounting, term
loans and working capital was 542.16 billion Rupees at September 30, 2024
compared to 521.30 billion Rupees at June 30, 2024. The builder portfolio was
about 4.2% of our total loan portfolio. Our portfolio largely comprises well-
established builders and this is also reflected in the sequential increase in the
portfolio. About 1.9% of the builder portfolio at September 30, 2024 was either
rated BB and below internally or was classified as non-performing, compared to
2.1% at June 30, 2024.
E. Consolidated results
The consolidated profit after tax grew by 18.8% year-on-year to 129.48 billion
Rupees in this quarter.
The details of the financial performance of key subsidiaries are covered in slides
40 to 42 and 61 to 66 in the investor presentation.
The annualised premium equivalent of ICICI Life was 44.67 billion Rupees in H1
of this year as compared to 35.23 billion Rupees in H1 of last year. The value of
new business was 10.58 billion Rupees in H1 of this year compared to 10.15
billion Rupees in H1 of last year. The value of new business margin was 23.7% in
10
H1 of this year compared to 24.6% in FY2024 and 28.8% in H1 of last year. The
profit after tax of ICICI Life was 4.77 billion Rupees in H1 of this year compared
to 4.51 billion Rupees in H1 of last year and 2.52 billion Rupees in Q2-2025
compared to 2.44 billion Rupees in Q2-2024.
Gross Direct Premium Income of ICICI General was 67.21 billion Rupees in Q2-
2025 compared to 60.86 billion Rupees in Q2-2024. The combined ratio stood at
104.5% in Q2-2025 compared to 103.9% in Q2-2024. Excluding the impact of
CAT losses of 0.94 billion Rupees in Q2-2025 and 0.48 billion Rupees in Q2-2024,
the combined ratio was 102.6% and 102.8% respectively. The profit after tax was
6.94 billion Rupees in Q2-2025 compared to 5.77 billion Rupees in Q2-2024.
The profit after tax of ICICI AMC, as per Ind AS was 6.94 billion Rupees in this
quarter compared to 5.01 billion Rupees in Q2 of last year.
The profit after tax of ICICI Securities, as per Ind AS on a consolidated basis, was
5.29 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 4.24 billion Rupees in Q2 of last
year.
ICICI Bank Canada had a profit after tax of 19.1 million Canadian dollars in this
quarter compared to 21.1 million Canadian dollars in Q2 last year.
ICICI Bank UK had a profit after tax of 8.0 million US dollars in this quarter
compared to 3.3 million US dollars in Q2 of last year.
As per Ind AS, ICICI Home Finance had a profit after tax of 1.83 billion Rupees in
the current quarter compared to 1.12 billion Rupees in Q2 of last year.
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and we will now be happy to take
your questions.
11
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session.
First question is from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama Wealth. Please
go ahead.
Mahrukh Adajania:
My question is just related to general asset quality. So, your slippages have done
very well this quarter. And you've been growing your unsecured loans though at
a slower pace, but quite healthy. Your growth in mortgage and unsecured loans
on a QoQ basis is similar. And despite that, there's no sign of stress on your books
while every other lender is seeing some stress one or the other on unsecured
loans, either in credit cards or other unsecured loans. So, how do you think about
your book going ahead? Will that divergent trend from the sector continue? And
what is it that you think you're doing right relative to others?
Anindya Banerjee:
Mahrukh, first of all, I think we have also seen an increase in the delinquencies
and NPL formation in unsecured loans over the last three to four quarters, both
in credit cards and in personal loans. But during this period and even prior to that,
we had been taking various steps to sort of improve the way we were
underwriting and sourcing this portfolio in terms of customer segments and
pricing and various other filters.
And therefore, as you would see on the personal loan side, the growth on a year-
on-year basis has actually come off pretty significantly. Last year in the
September quarter, the year-on-year growth was 40% and this year it is down to
17% or so. But in this portfolio, over a period of time, the slippages have gone up.
I would say that in the current quarter, we have not seen them go up further on a
sequential basis, but we will continue to watch.
On the credit card side, I think it's a little different from personal loans because
that is a very core product when you look at a Bank customer relationship and
12
sort of a high touch product. So, that's definitely a business we would want to
continue to grow. But there also, over a period of time, we have taken various
steps in terms of the sourcing pattern. And, while we have seen again, there also
the delinquencies and credit costs go up, it continues to be a very profitable
business and a growth business.
Overall, the unsecured piece, these two products put together are about 14% of
the loan book. So, some increase in delinquency or credit costs in these segments
has contributed to the path towards some kind of normalization of credit costs.
But even after that, if you look at it, we are still in the 40-50 basis point range on
an overall basis. So, that's how we would manage going forward.
Mahrukh Adajania:
And just my second question is on funding costs. I know the deposit mix is also
kind of changing, but would funding costs have bottomed out now? I mean,
peaked out now? Just some outlook on margins in terms of cost.
Anindya Banerjee:
If you look at the retail deposit rates, I think they have gone up in the current
calendar year by about 15 bps or so, I think about 10 bps in Q4 and 5 bps in earlier
this quarter. And that will feed into the increase in the cost of deposits by 1 basis
point, 2 basis point over a period of time. But yes, I think the big increase in deposit
rates had already by and large happened between the second half of fiscal 2023
and the second half of fiscal 2024. So, we would not expect retail deposit rates
to go up too much from here. On the wholesale side, I think the rates continue to
be somewhat higher than what we would have otherwise expected. As we had
mentioned perhaps last time, the kind of decline in wholesale rates that we
usually see during a first quarter did not really happen and rates have continued
to be a little bit on the higher side, if you look at one year plus kind of deposits.
But I guess, with the liquidity situation having improved and the credit growth
also coming off a little bit, that should hopefully will ease going forward, but we
13
will have to wait and see. Overall, we may see, I guess, marginal increase in the
cost of term deposits. I think this quarter the overall cost of deposits went up by
4 basis points, which is a little bit of increase in the cost of term deposits and a
little bit of reduction in the average CASA ratio. And maybe to that extent some
small increases we could still see.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rikin Shah from IIFL Securities.
Please, go ahead.
Rikin Shah:
Two questions. First one is on margin and more specifically on yield on advances.
So, the yield on advances have been softening since a couple of quarters.
Probably this quarter would be a function of mix change, but if you could allude
to what's driving slight pressure on the yields on advances and an outlook on that
in the near term? And the second question is on the treasury gains, if you could
just provide some colour as to why the treasury gains have been high for the
second quarter as well. 1Q you did mention a few reasons. If you could just
provide more colour on that for this quarter as well.
Anindya Banerjee:
On the first one, I think as I mentioned, there are certain portfolios where we
account the interest income on a 30/360 basis. So, in quarters which have higher
number of days, the yield on advances just mathematically is reported a little
lower. It evens out over the course of the year. Other than that, nothing specific
on the yield on advances. I think in terms of market lending, we continue to see a
fair amount of competitive intensity and we are trying to be as disciplined within
that context as we can be. On the overall, I would say on the margins, we would
expect it to be broadly stable in H2 relative to H1 is the way we would look at it
until a rate cut cycle starts.
14
On the treasury, actually, as you know from 1st of April, the revised investment
guidelines came into force whereby a lot of the positions are mark-to-market now
other than the HTM portfolio and most of, other than the SLR book and
subsidiaries and things like that, most of the portfolio is held either in the AFS or
fair value through P&L and the mark-to-market on the fair value through P&L
portfolio reflects in the P&L for the quarter. So, this quarter, if I look at kind of the
Rs. 6 odd billion, I would say a larger part did come from the treasury operations,
the trading operations that we do across both fixed income, equities and so on.
But some component was there which reflected sort of the incremental mark-to-
market positive over and above what the position was on June 30th on the fair
value through P&L portfolio.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA India.
Please go ahead.
Piran Engineer:
You've done a good job in controlling opex. Can you just give us some glimpse of
where this is coming from? Where are we getting these benefits from? What
should we expect in the coming, say, FY25-26?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think we have been talking maybe for the last four quarters that the kind of opex
growth rate of 20% plus that we had been running in the four to six quarters or
maybe a couple of years prior to that would moderate because now the cost base
itself is fairly large and we have opportunities to optimize within that. So, that is
basically what has driven the reduction in the cost growth. I think if I remember
right for the fourth quarter, the adjusted cost growth was about 13% or so. For
the first half this year, while the Q2 number is indeed year-on-year growth is very
low at 6.6%, for the first half this year, it's about 8.5% or so. And it could be slightly
higher in the second half, given all the festive season-related spends and other
15
technology spends, etc., that we have planned out. But broadly, around this level,
give or take a couple of percentage points is where we should see it in the near
term.
Piran Engineer:
And your branch openings have also slowed down this year compared to the run
rate that we are running at earlier. So, any particular reason? And is this also a
reason why opex growth has been trending a bit lower?
Anindya Banerjee:
No. I don't think that that's a very big driver, maybe there's some contribution of
that. So, on branches, as we have said in the past, we are not really fixated on a
particular number, or that we have to open so many in such a period of time. It's
a very bottom-up organic process based on the teams which are managing
different markets, what is the branch addition that they need to do and it's always
looked at within the overall current and potential PPOP kind of framework. So,
based on that, we have not consciously held back on opening any branches nor
have we pushed any branch opening. It's just an organic process which
happened. I would guess this number will be materially higher in H2 but it's not
like we have any particular number that we want to achieve.
Piran Engineer:
Got it. And just lastly, if I can squeeze in your credit card delinquencies, any
difference between the co-branded ones and the regular ones?
Anindya Banerjee:
We don't really give out this data.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saurabh from JP Morgan. Please go
ahead.
16
Saurabh:
Just two questions. One is on your CASA growth, especially on your savings
account growth. You've done much better than all other banks. So, could you just
throw some light as to why you are seeing a much better traction on CASA than
others, especially on savings account? And the second is essentially on your
slippages. How much will be coming from linked accounts? And will it be fair that
in your cards and personal loan portfolio, the NPL increase will be higher in cards,
or the write-off will be higher in cards versus PL, the stress you are seeing. And it
will be mostly in the outside of the bank channel. These are the ones. Thank you.
Anindya Banerjee:
On the CASA side, I think the way we approach it is that we basically focus on
what we call money-in-bank. So, we don't really push the distribution for that we
want to do this much CA, this much SA or this much Term. Basically, what we are
trying to achieve is that we should be having good customers and we should be
the primary banker having a good share of that customer's wallet, and customer
ranges across retail and business banking and corporate. And then it's really up
to the customer in what form they choose to keep the money. So, I think that is
the way we are kind of trying. So, I think this money-in-bank concept and focusing
the team's attention on the total wallet of the customer rather than driving any
particular type of deposit at any point of time has helped as well as the focus on,
I would say, quality customer acquisition.
On the NPL part, finally it doesn't really matter whether it is linked or unlinked.
RBI guidelines require NPLs to be identified and reported on what we call the
common borrower basis at a borrower level and not a particular loan account
level. So, that is what we do, and that's been consistent practice for a fair amount
of time now. We have not really given the comparative delinquencies between
personal loans and cards or between different components of either portfolio. I
think, as I mentioned earlier, it is fair to say that as was expected over the last 1-
17
1.5 years, delinquencies in these portfolios and even overall, the NPL formation in
retail have gone up. And we keep taking corrective actions in terms of sourcing.
So, hopefully it is stabilizing, and we will see how we go on from here. But nothing
really to call out between one or the other. Of course, the personal loan and credit
card products are different. Again, as we mentioned earlier, the credit card is a
much more core part of the Bank customer relationship and a much higher touch
product, and it has its own operational challenges as well as kind of opportunities
to differentiate. So, that's the way we would look at both these businesses.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citi Group. Please
go ahead.
Kunal Shah:
If you can just highlight in terms of, within the retail, how would be the proportion
between the secured and unsecured in terms of the incremental formation and
any change in last couple of quarters vis-à-vis the last year?
Anindya Banerjee:
We have not really given any breakup of that kind. I mean, at a broad level, as I
said earlier, we have been saying for, I think, eight quarters that the retail NPL
formation at a gross level and at a net level will move up, will normalize upwards.
Within that, there has been an increase, of course, in the credit card and personal
side. But finally, one has to look at it the overall portfolio and the overall numbers
at a credit cost of 40 to 50 bps of advances, how much more breakups will one
do.
Kunal Shah:
When we look at the overall credit cost still maybe below 40 odd basis points, not
yet the normalized one. We would have seen some kind of a catch up on the
unsecured side as well. But are we comfortable that maybe 40 to 50 would be
18
the broad range for credit cost and maybe beyond 50 doesn't seem like any
incremental data points would suggest or maybe the delinquency bucket
suggests that it should cross 50 basis points of credit cost?
Anindya Banerjee:
It's very difficult to say with that kind of precision. We have consistently been
saying that there will be a gradual normalization, but it is anyway much below
historical level and we will see it as it comes. I don't think there is anything today
which is alarming us in terms of causing us to believe that it will go up very
substantially, but could it inch up over a period of time? It could.
Kunal Shah:
And last data point, LCR you mentioned is 120?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nitin Aggarwal from Motilal Oswal.
Please go ahead.
Nitin Aggarwal:
One question I have is on the rating distribution. The rating distribution of
corporate portfolio has seen an improvement this quarter. So, unlike the trend
that was there in the previous quarters. So, do you maintain any thresholds here?
And do you also benchmark yourself to peer on the mix of credit rating?
Anindya Banerjee:
As we have explained, because we have carved out the SME portion into business
banking, now the corporate portfolio, basically comprising corporates above Rs.
7.5 billion in turnover and that is the rating cut we have given. So, I think earlier
19
there used to be some confusion because we were including SME and other
players were not and so on and so forth. So, this hopefully is a more comparable
cut. And the numbers for the previous periods are also there on the same slide.
It's been a pretty stable trend. I guess, we do have certain internal limits in terms
of cap on origination of loans in the lower rating buckets, but those are sort of
internal to us.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Param Subramanian from Nomura.
Please, go ahead.
Param Subramanian:
Firstly, just data, what is the recovery from written-off accounts in the quarter or
the first half of the year?
Anindya Banerjee:
We don't give that number separately. It's already adjusted in the provisions line.
Param Subramanian:
Anindya, what is driving the higher write-off in this quarter? It doesn't seem to
have come with any significant P&L impact, but so is this largely fully provided
loans and technical?
Anindya Banerjee:
Yes, these were all 100% provided loans. And the way we do write-offs is that,
on broadly retail portfolios, we have a days past due based write-off policy.
Whereas on the corporate and SME portfolio, it's more on a case-by-case basis.
And these were from relatively old, fully provided NPLs that we wrote off this
quarter, technical write-off. Of course, even in some of these, we would continue
to pursue cash recovery efforts, that will come when it will come, but these are
fully provided corporate NPAs of past year.
20
Param Subramanian:
And just one last question if I can. The NIM impact because of this longer quarter,
any number you can highlight would be great.
Anindya Banerjee:
See the total impact on yield is seven basis points or so. So, it will be something
within that.
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek Murarka from HSBC. Please
go ahead.
Abhishek Murarka:
Two questions. One is on business. One is on fees. On business, I would request
for some comment around business banking, especially with regard to demand
trends and yield. Is the growth coming at lower yields? And how do you see the
sustainability of this growth? And on credit card and PL, you've taken a lot of
tightening measures earlier. But now your sequential run rate, is this like a BAU?
Or do you expect more impact of the tightening measures taken earlier to still
show up in the sequential run rate? So, those are the two questions on business.
One quick question on fees. So, if I look at fee to assets, now that your loan mix
is changing and your PLCC, vehicle finance, all those are coming down in
proportion, do you expect your 1.2% fee to assets also coming down? So, some
understanding around that. Thanks, those were my two questions.
Anindya Banerjee:
On the business banking side, Abhishek, we were, maybe till eight or nine years
back, not very large players in this segment. And I think over this period of time,
we have invested a lot into building this business. I would say in terms of the
credit underwriting models and capability, equipping many more virtually our
21
entire branch network to deal with this set of customers. And thirdly, I think our
digital offerings have also helped and this period has also coincided with greater
digital adoption in this segment borne out of various government initiatives or
just the evolution of the market. So, that has been the basis on which we have
grown this segment. And this is one segment where we really focus a lot on the
customer 360, because in many cases we would be having a significant share of
the wallet, not only across credit, but also across transaction banking, deposits,
Fx, and so on. So, that we look at really for the portfolio, the profitability on an
overall basis.
In terms of pure lending, it is competitive because I think particularly a couple of
the other large private sector peers have, in fact, a longer sort of presence and
history in this segment. So, I wouldn't characterize it as a high yield business by
any stretch, but it is a profitable business because we are really looking at what
all we are doing with the customer.
Abhishek Murarka:
Now it's been quite a few years that we have grown this business quite fast,
gained quite a bit of market share. So, even today to be able to maintain a 10%
sequential run rate, that's in itself a fairly difficult task. So, do you think it's still
because your market share is still low, or this is going to slow down and this kind
of sequential growth may not continue anymore?
Anindya Banerjee:
I don't want to talk about sequential growth numbers. But fundamentally, I don't
think that our market share is saturated at all. I think we have a long way to go
in terms of entities, we can tap and cover and reach. And there are lots of very
large potential customer base out there, both in terms of people and their existing
banking plus this is also a segment which is growing. I mean, the people are
setting up new manufacturing units, they are setting up new service businesses.
So, there is enough and more to be done. I don't see any challenge to the market
22
opportunity for us in this segment at all. What was your second question? It’s
about fee.
Abhishek Murarka:
Fees. On cards and PL?
Anindya Banerjee:
As I said, cards I think continues to grow at a reasonably robust pace. PL,
probably I don't think the disbursal volume may not, I don't have a sense, may not
come down too much, but I think they are already down a fair amount from where
they were 3-4 quarters ago and repayments also kick in. So, on a portfolio growth
perspective, as we mentioned that it has come down from 40% to 17% and you
will see it trend-down further over the next couple of quarters definitely. On the
fees question, we don't really manage to that metric. What we look at is kind of
the overall PPOP and the credit cost. So, it's not that we have a particular fee to
income number in mind. I think on fees also, there is more that we can do in terms
of growth or in terms of increasing the fee income in areas like transaction
banking and Fx in cards also and you know couple of other places as well. So,
again on fees, the growth opportunity is there. I don't worry too much about PL
coming down and that depleting.
Abhishek Murarka:
These activities you are doing on the fee side to improve the fee growth, is it sort
of showing up or it's like a long duration project and your fee to assets or fee to
income will not be impacted in the next few quarters because of this?
Anindya Banerjee:
We don't really look at fee to income, fee to assets at all. I mean, we have an
overall PPOP kind of aspiration and fee is one element of that. It is probably an
element where we have scope for some lift.
23
Moderator:
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rahul from Goldman Sachs. Please
go ahead.
Rahul:
Just two questions. One is your Slide #31 talks about the mix of two customers in
PL and CC. 60 being existing-to-bank, 40 would imply being new-to-bank
customers. So, just wanted to understand maybe qualitatively how the behavior
in each of these buckets are you seeing on the delinquency side? And this is
coming from the fact that we have seen reasonably higher degree of delinquency
in the customer that may not necessarily be existing-to-bank or those who are
open market customers for different entities. So, just wanted to get some color as
to how you see the behavior in these two portfolios?
Anindya Banerjee:
I think as we said earlier, overall in these portfolios, credit costs have normalized
upward, delinquencies have gone up. We have taken measures, hopefully,
including in the case of PL bringing down the growth. Hopefully we will see
stability and some improvement down the line. Nothing more than that to call out.
This is put together 14% of the loan book and whatever is happening within this
book is getting absorbed within the 40 to 50 basis points of credit cost.
Rahul:
So, the behavior would be similar? So, let's say argumentatively, if existing-to-
bank is having X percent of delinquencies would new-to-bank would also be at X
percent or they would be 1.2x 1.5x?
Anindya Banerjee:
It can vary, I mean an existing-to-bank customer which has been a not so great
quality account sourced in the past may exhibit worse outcome than say quality
account that is sourced today say in cards because as I mentioned it is a high-
24
touch product. So, it could vary and really from of course, we keep doing internal
analyses on various cuts. I think most important is the sort of credit profile of the
customer. And that can vary across these segments.
Rahul:
And, in terms of growth of this portfolio, the growth is now going to be more
driven by, I would imagine existing-to-bank customers, or you would continue to
hunt for customer outside of this banking relationships also?
Anindya Banerjee:
No, I think, say for example, if you look at the credit card, we have a large
untapped base within our own customer base of quality customers who don't
have a card, or even if they have our card, are not using it as much as you would
like them to. But at the same time, it's also a very good product to acquire a
customer. So, for example if we are banking a large corporate or banking some
MNC or something, I would be very happy to offer a credit card to their employees
at a certain level or who pass the credit filter. So, I think it's really about what is
the quality of the customer that you're issuing to rather than getting caught up in
existing versus new because that may give some false sense of comfort.
Rahul:
Alright, now I was asking just generally because of the environment. Fair enough.
The second quick question was on the outlook on margin. So, it's been trending
lower. You talked about cost of deposit being closer to bottoming and whatever
the repricing had to happen has happened. But there will be some mix in element
as well. So, what's the outlook on the margin that you envisage? I see you got
comfort on the loan to deposit side as well. So, would you pull that lever to
manage the margins, or do you think it is kind of okay where it is right now?
25
Anindya Banerjee:
No, I already said that we would expect margins to be broadly stable in the near
term. And then when the rate cut cycle starts, of course, the lead-lag will play out
on the reverse side with loans repricing faster than deposits. The general
expectation is of a relatively shallow cycle. So, we will have to manage through
that as and when it happens.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last
question. I now hand the conference back over to the Bank. Please go ahead.
Anindya Banerjee:
Thank you for taking time on a Saturday afternoon. And wish you all a very, very
happy Diwali from ICICI Bank in advance. Thank you.
Moderator:
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Bank Limited, that concludes this
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines.
Thank you.
26