Infosys Limited
Q1 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call
July 25, 2022
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS:
Salil Parekh
Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director
Nilanjan Roy
Chief Financial Officer
Sandeep Mahindroo
Financial Controller & Head Investor Relations
ANALYSTS / INVESTORS
Surendra Goyal
CITI Group
Moshe Katri
Wedbush Securities
Kumar Rakesh
BNP Paribas
Keith Bachman
BMO
Nitin Padmanabhan
Investec
Bryan Bergin
Cowen
Sudheer Guntupalli
Kotak Mahindra Asset Management
Ankur Rudra
JP Morgan
Ravi Menon
Macquarie
Pankaj Kapoor
CLSA
Gaurav Rateria
Morgan Stanley
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
1
Ritesh Rathod
Nippon India MF
Manik Taneja
JM Financial
Apurva Prasad
HDFC Securities
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
2
Moderator
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Infosys Limited’s Earnings Conference Call. As a
reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference
call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone telephone. Please
note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep
Mahindroo. Thank you and over to you, Sir.
Sandeep Mahindroo
Thanks Inba.
Hello everyone and welcome to Infosys Earnings Call to discuss Q1 2023 Financial Results. This
is Sandeep from the Investor Relations team in Bangalore. Joining us today on this call is CEO
and MD, Mr. Salil Parekh; CFO, Mr. Nilanjan Roy; and other members of the senior management
team. We will commence the call with some remarks on the performance of the company by Salil
and Nilanjan. Subsequent to which, we will open up the call for questions.
Please note that anything that we say that refers to our outlook for the future is a forward-looking
statement that must be read in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. A full statement
and explanation of these risks is available in our filings with the SEC, which can be found on
www.sec.gov.
I would now like to pass on the call to Salil.
Salil Parekh
Thanks, Sandeep. Good morning and good evening to everyone on the call. Thank you all for
taking the time to join us.
We had an excellent start to the financial year with 5.5% sequential growth and 21.4% year-on-
year growth in constant currency terms.
We continue to gain market share with our Cobalt cloud capabilities and our differentiated digital
value proposition driving a significant pipeline of opportunities for us.
For example a premier online retailer in the U.S. leveraged Infosys Cobalt to embark on a cloud-
driven transformation journey to enhance the customer experience and improve their security
posture.
Another example is European manufacturer who is reimagining their Digital workplace with best-
of-breed network security and IT infrastructure powered by Infosys Cobalt.
There are examples like this all across the spectrum in different sectors and that are driving
Infosys Cobalt into the market.
Clients continue to place an immense amount of trust and confidence in Infosys to help accelerate
their digital transformation agenda, both on efficiency and the growth dimension of their business.
The strong growth we have seen in the quarter lays a robust foundation for the year.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
3
Growth continues to remain broad-based across the segments, service lines and geographies.
Each of our business segments grew in double-digits with several of them growing at 25% or
higher. In terms of geography the U.S. geography grew at 18.4% and Europe grew at 33.2%. This
indicates a healthy demand environment and is a reflection of how our industry-leading digital
capabilities are relevant for our clients.
Our Digital revenues were 61% of the total and grew at 37.5% in the quarter in constant currency
terms. Within digital, our cloud work continues to grow faster, with our Cobalt cloud capability
seeing significant traction with our clients.
Our overall pipeline remains strong. We do see pockets of weakness, for example in the area of
mortgages in Financial Services. We keep a close watch on the evolving macro environment in
terms of the changes to the pipeline. Within our pipeline, we also have focus in addition to the
growth areas in digital and cloud to the cost areas through automation and AI.
Our operating margins were at 20%. We have completed the majority of our compensation review
for this year. Nilanjan, will also provide more details on the overall margin update.
Some other highlights of our results are
- We signed 19 large deals with a TCV of $1.69 bn. This is comprises of 50% net new work
- Our onsite mix was at 24.3%
- As we build capacity for the future, our utilization was at healthy levels of 84.7%
- Our free cash flow was strong at $656 mn
- Our quarterly attrition declined. Historically, Q1 attrition increases by three to four
percentage points sequentially on a quarterly annualized basis; however, our attrition
declined by one percentage point on a sequential basis - reflecting the impact of various
initiatives we have put in place
- We had a net headcount increase of over 21,000 employees attracting leading talent from
the market, which is a reflection of our enhanced recruitment capabilities, solid brand and
deeper penetration into various talent markets.
Our Cobalt Cloud capability continues to be market leading. We have 360 technology and domain
solutions, five of our assets have over 50 clients each, we have 150 industry focused solutions, 20
Infosys living labs, 50 experimentation programs, and 60,000 knowledge assets.
Our ‘One Infosys’ approach is serving us well to bring the best of Infosys and service to our client’s
needs.
Earlier this month we announced the acquisition of BASE Life Sciences, a Denmark-based
technology and consulting firm in the life sciences industry. BASE brings to Infosys domain
expertise in medical, digital marketing, clinical and regulatory areas.
With our strong growth in Q1 and our current outlook on demand opportunity and pipeline, we
increase our revenue growth guidance which was at 13% to 15%, now to 14% to 16% for the full
year. We keep our margin guidance at 21% to 23%. With the increased cost environment, we will
be at the lower end of this margin guidance.
Thank you and with that let me hand it over to Nilanjan for his update.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
4
Nilanjan Roy
Thanks Salil. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining this call in an early Monday
morning.
We had a strong start of FY2023 with a robust year-on-year growth of 21.4% in constant currency.
All our business segments and major geos recorded double-digit growth with manufacturing,
communication and EURS along with Europe region recording 25% plus growth.
Sequentially, revenue growth was 5.5% which was led by a healthy volume growth and some RPP
benefits. Digital revenues now constitute 61% of total and grew by 37.5% in constant currency.
Client metrics were strong with increase in client counts across revenue buckets compared to the
previous year. Number of $50 mn clients increased by 10 to 69 creating the next potential
centurions. Number of $100 mn clients increased by 4 to 38 and the number of $200 mn clients
have grown by 6 in the last one year. This reflects our ability to deepen mining across our large
clients.
We had another quarter of strong employee additions with over 21,000 to cater to the growth
opportunities ahead. The fresher addition was particularly strong which resulted in drop in
utilization to 84.7%. Onsite effort mix inched up to 24.3%. Voluntary LTM attrition increased
marginally to 28.4%. Quarterly annualized attrition declined another by 1% from Q4 levels despite
Q1 usually seeing an uptick due to seasonality.
As announced earlier we have given competitive salary increases for majority of employees from
April. Given the supply tightness and high prevailing inflation, salary increases across all geos this
year are higher than historical levels. The increases vary based on job levels and performance of
employees with top performers getting double-digit hikes. Salary hike for other employees is being
done effective 1st July.
Q1 margin stood at 20%, a drop of 150 basis points versus previous quarter. The major
components of the sequential margin movements were as below:
Headwinds of
- 1.6% due to salary increases,
- 0.4% due to drop in utilization as we create capacity for future,
- 0.3% due to increases in subcon, third party and other costs.
These were offset by tailwinds of
- 0.5% due to increase in RPP from higher working days, a reversal of a client's contractual
provision in our FS segment partially offset by discounts.
- 0.3% benefits from rupee depreciation benefits partially offset by cross-currency
headwinds.
Q1 EPS grew by 4.4% in rupee terms on a year-on-year basis.
Our balance sheet continues to be strong and debt-free. Consolidated cash and investments were
4.4 bn at the end of the quarter after returning more than $850 mn to the shareholders through
dividends. This has led to increase in ROE to 31%.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
5
Free cash flow for the quarter was $656 mn which is a conversion of 95% of net profits. Yield on
cash balance remained stable at 5.3% in Q1. DSO declined by 4 days sequentially to 63. DSO
including net unbilled was 82 days an increase of 1 day versus Q4.
Coming to segmental performance:
We signed 19 large deals in Q1 with a TCV of $1.69 bn. This comprises of the 50% net new. We
have signed 5 large deals in retail and CPG, 4 in Hi-Tech, 3 each in financial services and energy
utility resources and services and 2 each in manufacturing and communications verticals. Region-
wise 15 were in Americas and 2 each in Europe and RoW.
In Financial Services clients continue to focus on digital customer experience, contact center
transformation and virtual branches aimed at improving customer engagement. While the order
pipeline remains strong across regions, we are seeing some slowness in mortgage industry and
lending business due to increased interest rates. We remain watchful of impacts of emerging
global developments on budget for clients.
In the retail segment the pace of Digital transformation large-scale cost breakouts and improving
business resilience continues to be on the rise across various subsegments. Our focus on
proactive engagement has helped us in creating a robust pipeline. Clients are monitoring the
emerging macro situation and the impact of that on their business.
In communications segment clients are focused on rapid digitization and protecting their assets
from cyber threats, we see enormous potential to partner with them both on the digital
transformation agenda as well as in the cost takeout front.
Deal pipeline in energies, utilities, resources and services segments comprises of opportunities
around cost takeouts, vendor consolidation, digital transformation, cloud-led transformation and
asset monetization across industry sub-verticals.
Manufacturing segment is seeing broad-based growth across geographies and industry sub-
verticals. The sector has seen traction across energy, IoT, supply chain, cloud ERP and
accelerated cloud adoption.
In Q1 we have been ranked as leader in 9 ratings in the areas of Oracle Cloud, SAP S/4HANA,
Public Cloud, Industry 4.0, employee experience and automation services.
In this supply constrained environment, we continue to invest in our growth momentum which
requires us to hire premium, skill talent while simultaneously investing in existing employees
through competitive compensation increases across geos. Additionally, we expect normalization of
costs like travel and other overheads. We will continue to focus on various cost optimization
measures including rationalization of subcons, flattening of the pyramid, increasing automation,
reducing onsite mix and increasing pricing.
Whilst we retain our operating margin guidance of 21% to 23%, we expect to be at the bottom end
of the range. The revenue guidance for the year has been revised to 14% to 16% from 13% to
15% earlier.
With that we can open the call for questions.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
6
Moderator
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen we will now begin the question and answer session.
Our first question is from the line of Surendra Goyal from Citi Group. Please go ahead.
Surendra Goyal
Thanks for that. Good morning just a couple of questions from my side. Firstly a clarification.
Nilanjan, I believe you said that the contractual provision was largely offset by discounts. Could
you please clarify a bit. Did you mean discounts to the same client or discounts in general?
Curious because on one hand we are talking of a strong demand environment and potential price
hikes and at the same time we are also talking of discounts?
Nilanjan Roy
The comment was 0.5% increase in RPP is a combination of three to four elements – higher
working days, the client contraction provision reversal benefits partially offset by discount. So it is
not a direct linkage of discounts and client contractual provisions. It is not to the same client.
These are generic discounts and these automatically keep on coming. But, like I said discounts
have come down as we have started negotiating with our clients in terms of pricing but that is the
net impact of all these.
Surendra Goyal
Just another question on margin down 360 bps year-over-year, operating profit growth Y-o-Y is
worse in historical trends despite all the strong demand and growth we are talking about. So if you
just think about this 360 basis point decline, how much of that is really investment which you think
can be recouped as we go forward from here?
Nilanjan Roy
When we were 360 bps down, we knew we were having some benefits in a way - our utilization
was very high it was 88%, we have never operated at that level before, the benefits of travel etc.
Now we are seeing more and more of that has been coming back. So that is something which we
were well aware of in last year. But as we see the demand volume ahead, I think we are very clear
that in terms of our ability to support this demand first we have to hire, we have to pay
competitively. So we actually did two wage hikes in calendar year 2021 and now this year we have
already rolled out in April. So within one and a half year we have done three substantial CRs and
actually in September last year also we did a skill based increase. So we have been continuously
investing behind that and we know that to capitalize this demand we have to pay for premium
skills. We have to go behind the volume. Comparing subcontractor costs - perhaps from an
industry leading 6.5% position we are closer to 11% now, but again these are something we know
over a period of time we have a lot of optimization levers. We do not want to leave a five-year
demand on the table because of short-term cost pressures and these we can optimize over this
year and over the future as well. So in that sense we are quite confident and that is why we have
talked about 21% to 23% range and we will be at the bottom end of the range. Of course if we are
20% today, we will see that improvement as the year progresses.
Surendra Goyal
Sure thanks for that I will get back in the queue.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
7
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities. Please go
ahead.
Moshe Katri
Thanks. Spectacular numbers especially on revenues side of the business. Just a follow-up to the
last topic or question about margins. We are getting a lot of pushbacks on that. From your
perspective looking at the levers that you highlighted, what do you think is the biggest potential
lever here for you to be able to catch up to the margin range that you mentioned and then I have a
follow-up after that.
Nilanjan Roy
Firstly if you see, how our margin profile, has changed, so one, of course has been this utilization
and in fact, 21,000+ net adds during the quarter which is well above our volumes and that is to
create the buffer. So when we put in freshers, we train them and then over a period of time, we are
able to put them into production. So you cannot just have higher freshers and expect them to start
contributing from day 1. We are very vigilant about that. They go through mandatory training in
Myosre, and then we put them into projects. So that is one big part of where we think we can start
improving. As the hiring catches up automatically, you will see the stabilization of subcon costs,
which as percentage of revenue, you are seeing this increase every quarter. While we have seen it
flattening out and over the future, as we got our recruitments done and we are able to hire fresher,
we should see benefits coming out of that.
Pyramid benefits will continue to happen for us. While we are seeing some adverse impact from
the onsite movement, this is largely as travel overseas starts, but we think this is more of a
aberration in terms of uptick, because the inherent story of taking cost out and having a more
offshore mix in the entire cost optimization will come into benefits especially in this environment
where cost take out is becoming a big theme across our clients. So, we know we can have
multiple areas.
Pricing is another thing, which we have been talking about. We have seen less impact of
discounts, etc., we are going back to clients in terms of COLA adjustments at the time of renewals.
Now these are much more longer-term impact decisions, but I think at least the conversations
have started in right direction across all the segments and you can hear similar commentary
across. So I think these are the areas we continue to focus on and are something we have done
over the years. We continue to be very forceful in terms of our cost efficiency exercises.
Moshe Katri
Just as a follow-up, just remind us what is the sensitivity for margins versus utilization rates i.e.,
100 basis points expansion in utilization rates what does it mean to margins in terms of sensitivity?
Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so I think it depends on by which levels we see utilization. So, it is quite complicated if you
have a different utilization in onsite, different in offshore and then the impact of the freshers in the
pyramid in that utilization. So, it is a bit complicated how the mix changes. I just cannot give you off
the cuff number of what 1% will lead to, but to give you the impact in this quarter, 40 basis points
because of utilization on margins.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
8
Moshe Katri
All right thanks for the color.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go
ahead.
Kumar Rakesh
Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. My first question was continuation on the margin
side. At the end of the fourth quarter, and not just Infosys but across the industry what the
management commentary had indicated compared to that the margin performance appears to be
a sharper decline. Now Salil what do you think could be the reason behind that? Is it driven by
higher than expected demand and higher use of subcontracting than what you are planning early
or is it more supply side driven that the fresher was higher than what we had planned for through
the quarter?
Nilanjan Roy
Are you talking about us in particular about the industry?
Kumar Rakesh
Anything whatever you could give us color on because the trend has been very similar to yourself.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so we do not operate in a vacuum and this industry also does not operate in a vacuum. The
attrition trends are pretty much similar across industries but the good news, like you said is that
attrition is coming down. Our quarter attrition figure is actually below our LTM figures and as Salil
said we are 1% down on a sequential basis, we were 5% down in the previous quarter and we
were flat the earlier quarter. The reported LTM is more of a catch-up effect and in that sense you
will see stabilization. The freshers will start coming in and getting permeated. So that benefit in a
way should start creeping into the cost structure because at the end of the day if you are putting
freshers we have less attrition, the fresh hikes which you have to give for lateral hirers should
come down, joining bonuses impact should come down. So these are the things which can play in
our favour. You have seen these numbers of decline pretty much across industries. I think we
have a very, very sharp cost optimization program in a way which will go and offset these
headwinds.
Kumar Rakesh
Got it. So it appears the supply side pressure was higher than what we were earlier expecting. My
second question was on the acquisition.
Nilanjan Roy
I think there is no question about that. You see our attrition and the net adds, the gross hiring has
been very well and of course in that sense in terms of our stretches and all we have to offer. So it
is an overall industry issues led from the demand side.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
9
Kumar Rakesh
Thanks. My second question was on BASE acquisition. So we already have a pretty strong life
sciences practice with more than $1 bn scale, so what exactly we are looking and targeting to get
help from this acquisition?
Salil Parekh
On BASE there are multiple things. This is a business which is very high end in the life sciences
area. When we launched our strategy a few weeks ago just at the start of the quarter we had
shared also a new focus or an expanded focus on Europe. Denmark for us is a very strategic
market, the whole Scandinavian market is a very strategic market for us. So that is the second
area that it benefits us. We also see clients are using the capabilities of BASE as a starting point
and then that leads to large technology transformation, digital transformation and that helps us
overall in terms of scaling up that segment. That is a segment which we feel is a strong segment
for the future and where in our view underweight in percentage terms. So we want to enhance that
with these existing capabilities.
Kumar Rakesh
Got it thanks a lot for that Salil.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Keith Bachman from BMO. Please go ahead.
Keith Bachman
Thank you very much. My first question is I wanted to get your views on how you think wage
inflation will impact the balance of the year. And what are the tensions on that to your margin
model? So you mentioned that attrition has in fact moved lower, do you think attrition continues to
move lower and how do you think wage inflation will unfold over the next about three, four quarters
and be a force in the gross margin equation and then will follow up?
Nilanjan Roy
I think like we started last year we were very clear that we have to be competitive in the market.
So, we did the first hike in January of 2021 then we did the next hike in July of 2021 then we did a
follow-up on our talent in September of 2021. In a way, we have not waited one year we have
actually gone ahead and done our majority of our wage hike from 1st of April this year. Increase
for middle to higher level to senior force will happen in July but not the same margin impact of
quarter one which was very broad based.
Other than that, I think these are quite competitive and of course if you see in the mix, we also get
a lot of laterals where there is a hidden cost of hiring because they come at stretches. So in a way,
your overall weighted average compensation in any case is going up across. I think overall this is a
very competitive hike. In India it is more like high single digits and in overseas geos because of
high wage inflation across we have given very competitive hikes. This is something which we have
not done before. So these are very much higher than what we did in the past. But we think this is
something which is going to stand up in good stead in terms of attrition and we have seen three
quarters of the attrition benefits and expect it to continue.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
10
Keith Bachman
We cover a number of software companies and software companies have started to say they are
seeing pockets of weakness with demand elongation on sales cycles. It does not sound like we
made one very specific industry comment but it does not sound like you are seeing the same any
kind of iteration on the demand side particularly on the negative side, but if you could just clarify,
are you seeing any elongation on the new business front, yes or no, and if the macro does weaken
will that in fact help your wage situation and that is it from me. Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for that. A couple of points that you raised, I think what we see on the demand, the
pipeline that we have today for our large deals is larger than what we had three or six months ago.
Having said that, we of course recognize what is going on in the global environment and we
mentioned a couple of areas. Nilanjan talked within retail, he also mentioned within Financial
Services - mortgages. So we see pockets where we see some impact.
On the overall deal discussions we see a little bit where it is slowing in the decision making;
however, the pipeline remains strong for us today. We have also get two types of deals, one is
deals which are on digital transformation or cloud which are growth orientated for clients driving to
what they want to do with their customers in their supply chain, how they want to make an impact.
The second is on cost, we have a very strong play on cost and efficiency through our automation
work, through our artificial intelligence work where we can really impact the cost base in the tech
landscape of our clients. So those are areas which we are already very active within this
environment and given our positioning we feel good that those will start to come into play as and
when the environment changes. But today this is how we are seeing the demand situation.
Now your other question was will that have a change on the wage if the macro evolving. We do not
have a clear view on where that will go because it is a function of how the macro evolves and what
happens. Of course, we are seeing attrition starting to come off a little bit and that will clearly have
a positive impact for us with respect to compensation. So the timeline is not clear, it depends on
how the macro evolves.
Keith Bachman
Okay great many thanks.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. Please go
ahead.
Nitin Padmanabhan
Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. I had two questions. One, is from a margin perspective,
whatever we saw as one offs in the previous quarter which included visa and these contract
provisions - both of them have been sort of offset in this quarter is that a fair understanding? The
second is in terms of salary increases is it only for the associate level this quarter and if so then
the question is that we have 145,000 associates JL3 and below and 130,000 people in the mid
level and general understanding is mid level obviously as a percentage of the employee cost it
should be higher so the thought process was about should not your margin impact be even higher
next quarter - if you could just help with that thought process that will be very helpful? Those are
two questions. Thank you.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
11
Nilanjan Roy
As I said in the margin walk, we had a benefit of 50 bps in RPP which is a combination of clients
contractual provisions reversals partially offset by the discounts. So we have seen a benefit there.
There is no way we said that has it been eroded, we have caught the benefit of client contractual
provisions clearly.
The other one on visa, travel - I think they largely offset each other. On the outlook on wages, we
have done it for most of our employees, it is up to mid level. For more of the senior levels is what
we are going to roll out in July and that impact would be far less than 1.6% which we have done
which is a much more broad based for us.
Nitin Padmanabhan
Both associates and mid level happen this quarter itself. It is not only associate.
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, associates and mid level, correct.
Nitin Padmanabhan
Correct that is very helpful. Thank you so much.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bryan Bergin from Cowen and Company. Please
go ahead.
Bryan Bergin
Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to just dig on the commentary around pockets of
weakness. So I heard you mentioned mortgages, mentioned subcomponent of retail. Can you just
give us a sense and quantify what mix of your business is actually seeing some slowing decision
making is it 5%, is it 10%, is it less and even does this help frame or quantify areas that are seeing
pockets of weakness?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for your question. This is Salil. We do not quantify typically what part of Financial Services
is mortgages or the other areas which are impacted. We are now seeing pockets, this is not across
our whole business. And the way I would look at it is with all of that given our pipeline we have
increased our revenue guidance. So the majority of our business is still seeing good demand. It is
really pockets without quantifying, that is how I would give a context to it.
Bryan Bergin
Okay and then just a follow-up on margin. You gave sequential changes can you give us what the
year-on-year changes in operating margin with the different categories?
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
12
Nilanjan Roy
So largely we know it was the comp related hike that is near only about 370 basis points that was
the biggest one and there were some rupee benefits offset by both cross currency as well and
then we got some benefits of cost optimization, we got some hits on lower utilization. So these are
the broad things but the biggest one was the comp which was about 370 basis points.
Bryan Bergin
Alright thank you.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak Mahindra Asset
Management. Please go ahead.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Good morning gentlemen. Thanks for giving me this opportunity. I have just one question on
margins. Ideally the strong growth at the headline level should have translated into some operating
leverage, but that does not seem to be happening and Nilanjan we seem to be of the view, we will
chase growth for now and focus on margin optimization at a later date. What is the risk to that
hypothesis because this growth margin paradox seem to be a mere reflection of what is happening
in U.S. and U.K. now a very tight job market, very high nominal growth, but very little benefit
trickling down to the bottomline level. So sooner or later this nominal growth rates may cool off and
onsite job markets and some supply costs may auto recalibrate. But back in India job market may
not be as much of a free market as it is in U.K. and U.S. there may be some sticky elements both
at headcount and wage level translating into negative operating leverage as demand moderates.
So what is the risk that margins will remain structurally lower than even the pre-COVID levels
going ahead because demand tends to be more cyclical while some of these supply costs tend to
be more sticky?
Nilanjan Roy
There are a couple of things. See one is that many of these cost increases cannot be passed on
the client on day one. If I have to give a wage hike on all my existing base they will come up for
renewals that is the time when you have a wage discussion. When you are doing new deal,
automatically we will build it and the industry in a way will build it into their wage profile. So these
things will automatically flow back, there is no free lunch for anybody. So that is one thing which
will happen over a period of time, but that is more of a generic point I am making. But in terms of
subcons, we have operated at 6%-6.5% of subcon; today we are sitting at 11.3%, there is no
reason for us to be at these levels unless we know what the job market is. In the overall demand
environment, when our recruiting picks up we can replace these subcons with our own headcount,
put more freshers into projects and this is something we have been doing very well in the past as
well. So I think these levers are well known for us, we know how utilization works, our pyramid
works, so we are quite confident in the forward model of taking out cost from our overall structure.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Just one more question if I may. So when we say the pipeline is larger now, just curious if the
pipeline is getting bigger and bigger because some of the decision making is getting slower, is
there any correlation you read in between the two?
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
13
Salil Parekh
The pipeline what we are seeing is there is appetite and you go by different industry for Digital
transformation programs, for large cloud programs, for programs which start to relate to cost and
efficiency, that is what is in the pipeline. It is not a function of the timeline which the delay that you
referenced which is causing an increase, it is where we see traction with more and more client
discussions as of today that we see. Now we will see how that evolves, that is the outlook we have
today.
Sudheer Guntupalli
Thanks Salil. Thanks Nilanjan. That is it from my side. All the very best.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ankur Rudra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ankur Rudra
Thank you for taking my question. First question is what is the level of conservatism or realism
infused into both the revenue and the margin guide this time, part of that is on the revenue guide
we have given the potential macro headwinds ahead of us and the ask rate from the second half of
this year. Similarly, on margins we still have another round of wage hikes which can impact
margins by maybe as much as 100 basis points if I look at the wage hike impact so far and a
similar ratio between the first and the second rounds in the previous years and also keeping up
travel and facility costs? Thank you.
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question. This is Salil. Let me start off and then Nilanjan may have a few points to
add. On the guidance for growth, as we have shared in the past, the approach we take is we see
how things are as we look at the financial year today. What we saw is in Q1 we had extremely
strong revenue growth - 5.5% and we also had underlying volume growth which was very strong.
When we see the outlook, where we have clarity looking ahead for some period of time and then a
set of estimates that we have for the rest of the financial year and also looking at how typically H2
works versus H1 and then putting in some views on where the end of the year could be. Based on
that, we felt comfortable to increase the revenue growth guidance, whether it is conservative or
realistic that is the approach we take to make sure that we then share what we think the revenue is
going to look like from here.
On the margin I will start off and then Nilanjan will talk a little bit about the wage component and
what we have done. Overall on the margin, we have made sure that we work to get all of the
levers in place. So the approach to driving cost efficiency is in place, several levers that Nilanjan
mentioned, one of the bigger ones we got the bulk impact, the vast majority of our compensation
increase already done in Q1. So yes there is a small component but it is not really a huge
component that will come up and then we see steadily other areas which will help us. There are
areas where we can focus on how the subcontracting works, there are areas where we can focus
on discussions with clients vis-à-vis wage increases and COLA, areas where we are doing work
which is having significant impact for clients.
So we think there are a set of those levers that can help us through the margin discussion that will
be focused on in this financial year. Our approach is to make sure that we remain a high margin
business and that is the underlying thing that we are working with. Given where we are, given the
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
14
inflation around the world, we thought it was clear to make sure that we communicated that in the
way we see the markets. Nilanjan, anything else, if you want to add?
Nilanjan Roy
No. That is good.
Ankur Rudra
Just a quick follow-up if I may on margins. Nilanjan are there any one-offs in the margin this time,
asking another way what would be the pro-forma margins, if the provision reversal was not to
happen and related to that can you say that 20% in Q1 should be the bottom of margins going
forward so that we can get back to 21% for the year realistically?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, so I think we have mentioned the margin walk at the beginning of the call. So if we are at
20% and we are guiding at the bottom end of 21%, so mathematics indicates that we have to
improve going forward. So absolutely, from 20% we will have to see the improvement quarter-on-
quarter.
Ankur Rudra
Thank you and best of luck.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ravi Menon from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Ravi Menon
Congrats on good set of numbers. Just wanted your thoughts on how broad based in North
America you will see such problems to sustain for a long time until you call out some headwinds in
BFSI, even that still have quite a bit of revenue. If you could give some color about how sustained
the demand environment is there. And secondly on the pyramids, we have already seen a large
intake of freshers last year so had hoped that some of that would have come into production and
helped us offset the margin headwinds through this quarter but looks like given the utilization, as
well it does not look like much of that has happened. So, if you could give some color on that?
Salil Parekh
This is Salil. I did not catch the first part of the question. I think it was about demand but maybe
you can just say the first question?
Ravi Menon
It was around the demand. We have seen broad-based revenue addition across verticals in North
America and if you are seeing the pipeline also along similar lines. So are there any specific
verticals where you see some softness starting to come in?
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
15
Salil Parekh
As we referenced, we see some pockets of softness within our overall business. That is why we
wanted to be very clear that that is something that is visible. Couple of examples we have shared
on Financial Services and Retail, there are areas where we see that weakness; however, once we
say that we also have a view and we see it in our pipeline the overall pipeline is stronger. So there
are areas where we see some good traction as well and it is a mix of the growth and the cost
opportunities within our pipeline. I think the second one was about the pyramid?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes we have hired a lot of freshers last year and many of them also have gone into training
pipeline because as we had the previous year there was nothing really in the pipeline in terms of
hiring. So in fact if you see our utilization there is a 2% gap between the excluding trainees and
including trainee numbers on a year-on-year basis as well. We continue to deploy them into
projects. Like I said, you cannot overnight stuff projects with freshers and that is why it is important
to build a pipeline in advance and make them go through the trainings and then put them into
production bench and then move them into projects as well. So that benefit will come in and we
are seeing that slowly coming in, but it is important to invest ahead. If you are planning just in time,
you will be probably sub optimizing in terms of how fast you can deploy. So that is why we have
made these investments because we know it will take time for these freshers to be productive,
hence it is important to make that investment ahead.
Ravi Menon
Thanks gentlemen. One follow-up of this last quarter's contractual revenue. So did you recognize
all of them this quarter or is there still something pending?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, it was all recognized this quarter.
Ravi Menon
Thank you. Best of luck.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pankaj Kapoor from CLSA. Please go ahead.
Pankaj Kapoor
Thanks for the opportunity. Salil can you give some color on the overall order book since the
reported TCV, what we give that covers only $50 mn plus deal and may not really be
representative. So any quantitative or qualitative comment on the scale and how the overall order
book has grown, that will be helpful?
Salil Parekh
Thanks for the question. As you know, we share the large deal win numbers. We do not publish
the overall deal wins. Having said that, the main context I would put is the increase in the growth
guidance that we have provided and that factors in all of the inputs that you may be looking for,
which essentially comes from a very strong Q1 execution - 5.5% QoQ, 21.4% YoY growth and
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
16
then a view that we have on what we see in the coming quarters and an overall view of H1, H2 in
our mix within the company - that is sort of broadly how we looked at it. On the large deals, we
have shared this in the past. Typically, this is a number which is a little bit more volatile because
we only report deals which are larger than $50 million in our large deals and so that is really the
way you can look at.
Pankaj Kapoor
My second question is on the profitability in the manufacturing vertical where the margins have
been coming down and in fact the last three quarters probably they have halved despite a very
strong revenue growth. I understand this could be because of a very large deal which is still
ramping up there, can you give a sense of how the profitability curve in this vertical could shape
over the next two, three quarters. What I am trying to understand is that has it bottomed out now or
you think that this could potentially go down further? Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
Firstly, you have seen the revenue growth which has been quite spectacular in this segment. This
has been led by large deals. As we talk about our approach, from day one a lot of clients would
like to see savings, but we are very clear that over a period of time we have a lot of cost
optimization levers. On day one you cannot pivot the cost structure, whereas clients may ask for
the savings, but we know there are enough levers over time that we continue to deploy on all
these large deals. And if I go back to the last three years, four years in fact when the large deal
strategy started, we have actually seen an increase in margins over that period. So, there is no
historical correlation in saying whether the large deals are dilutive, because we continue working
on taking out costs from the system and that gets factored into our entire process. We look at how
we are going to optimize onsite offshore, many of these projects require dramatic automation, we
can inject that through all our services which we are providing, we know how the pyramid works.
So these are the things which we know works over the lifetime of these large deals and that is
something we know we can deploy. So that is something, without getting specifically into
manufacturing, what we do well.
Pankaj Kapoor
Got it. Thank you and wish you all the best.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gaurav Rateria from Morgan Stanley. Please go
ahead.
Gaurav Rateria
Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So firstly is there any difference in the client
decision making behavior in U.S. versus European clients and the reason is that I am asking is
U.S. is seeing fair bit of broad-based growth across segments but when you look at Europe, there
is a weakness specifically in retail and communication vertical whereas the other two verticals,
energy, Hi-Tech has grown very, very well. So just trying to understand are there any client
specific pockets especially in Europe where you kind of see decision making behavior has
changed compared to the U.S. market?
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
17
Salil Parekh
Thanks for that question. Today we are not seeing something which is more geography based as
you are describing. We see something which is more globally industry-based and client based, as
you know well is mainly U.S, Europe and Australia. So not so much color on which is more
geography related.
Gaurav Rateria
Second question on margins, your margin outlook at the lower end - you explained very well the
supply side and cost related factors which has led to this, but is there also an element of
expectation of pricing increase that has been tapered down, which has led to you to now take the
margin outlook to the lower end and is it fair to say that with all the cost levers that you have in
place the exit margin should be better than the lower end of the guidance? Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
I think when we do our margins forecast with a combination of factors that we look at and that
equation keeps on changing and it is more dynamic. What happened in the previous quarter, what
do we see as outlook, what is happening on subcon, wage inflation - so that mix continues to
change and evolve. Sometimes we have to push harder on some pedals in terms of accelerating
some programs. And then going back to the level where we are today at 20% and we are saying
we will be at the bottom end of 21%, I think that should give you a good sense of the margin
trajectory for the rest of the year.
Gaurav Rateria
Thank you.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Ritesh Rathod from Nippon India. Please go
ahead.
Ritesh Rathod
Just on this margin within a quarter you have to lower your guidance on the margin side so this is
despite rupee depreciation benefit, despite attrition coming down in last two quarters. So what has
surprised internally in your expectations, so that you have to bring it down to the lower end?
Nilanjan Roy
Yes, I think I just mentioned this is a very dynamic and moving forecast completely. What is the
impact of attrition, how much wage hikes will come in, new hires - it is very dynamic, how the
pricing plays out. So, this is a very fluid situation, but the 21% to 23% band we said, we are within
that but of course at the bottom end of it. We are committed from where we are today at 20% to do
all our various cost optimizations, factoring the cost impacts of what we see in terms of wage
inflation there could be potential benefits of the rupee etc. So it is a combination of all this into the
forecast.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
18
Ritesh Rathod
What would have been the bigger surprise element? would it be the wage or would it be the pricing
benefit not coming through? Any one highlight compared to what you expected at the start of the
year?
Nilanjan Roy
It is a combination of various things and I would not say surprise. Like I said, it is a fluid situation
and we have to remain agile. That is more important rather than anything else.
Ritesh Rathod
Coming to pockets of weakness which is pointed out in retail, mortgages, can you give some color
are clients taking a pause in decision making, are the new deals not getting converted or are the
existing deals which have been moving, they are not getting ramped up? What is the exact sense
on the business over there?
Salil Parekh
There within the areas of that pockets that we described, there we see a slowing. For example, if
you look at the mortgage situation the volume there in the market meaning the client volume as a
macro level has gone down in the European and U.S. market. So our work there is proportionally
reduced. The overall point which I shared earlier, we see some slowing in decision making but
nonetheless the pipeline remains today in a good position and that allows us to increase the
guidance.
Ritesh Rathod
Maybe last one on your deal wins on LTM basis, your deal wins are down sharply if you see last
three, four quarters versus the previous four quarters and even if I adjust the base because of the
high value deals, which you won in a couple of quarters, four, quarters back, you are still down
minimum by 15%, how do you connect those two dots that your LTM deal wins are down but your
deal pipeline is all time high. Are the deal conversion ratios dropping then what it was used to be?
Salil Parekh
There on the large deals we always see some volatility because these are deals which were
larger, the ones we share in this number are larger than $50 mn in value. We do see the pipeline
being larger than where it was and what we referenced in some areas slowing of it, that we do not
see any change in the other parameters of the pipeline.
Ritesh Rathod
Okay thank you wish you good luck.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from JM Financial. Please go
ahead.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
19
Manik Taneja
Thank you for the opportunity and sorry for harping on the margin question once again. I just
wanted to understand how should we be thinking about the segmental or the improvement in
segmental margins for manufacturing vertical given the sharp drop that we have seen over the last
three quarters and how does that heal in terms of the overall margin outlook? Thank you.
Nilanjan Roy
Somebody else has asked a similar question and without going into any specifics, we have seen
that growth coming out of a large deal in manufacturing and like you said as we look at the tenure
of these large deals in some cases they start off with lower than portfolio margins because clients
may ask for savings upfront but we have already started plan in terms of over quarter-on-quarters
what do we need to do to bring back profitability because from day one clients come to us because
they know we can optimize the cost structure. So that is something which is generically what we
have been doing and since we started the large deal strategy and we have seen margin
improvements over that period. So I think we are quite confident of the future profile of these
businesses.
Manik Taneja
Sure thank you.
Moderator
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. Please go
ahead.
Apurva Prasad
Thanks for taking my question. Salil this is on mega deals while the industry frequency tends to be
low and it has been a while for Infosys it will be good to know your comments on mega deals from
a pipeline perspective and secondly on pricing how is the ability to get price increase versus last
quarter do you see any changes to that?
Salil Parekh
From the mega deals, I think again we do not share anything specific in terms of what we publish.
The color from our side is we have mega deals in our pipeline, if that will give you a context.
On the pricing, we have seen pricing currently holding in our deal values for Q1. My sense is we
have seen examples that Nilanjan was sharing earlier where we are working, we have worked with
clients to demonstrate to them the impact of compensation increases and that has translated to
COLA or price benefits. We have had examples where we have had increases, which are related
to the digital high value work that we are driving for clients. We now have to make sure we take
that across a whole portfolio and see the benefits coming into our business. Typically the salary
increase happens at a periodic time and these things where we have not seen a high inflation
environment like this for over 40 years in the western markets that takes a longer time. That is
what as Nilanjan shared is part of what we have put in place to support our margin as we go
ahead.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
20
Apurva Prasad
Thank you for that.
Moderator
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to
the management for closing comments.
Salil Parekh
Thank you everyone. Thanks again for joining for this call. I just want to summarize with a few
points; first we have had industry leading growth in Q1, 5.5% quarterly, 21.4% year-on-year. We
clearly see a tremendous market share gain driven primarily by the strength of our digital and
cloud - cobalt capability set that is resonating with our clients. We highlighted there are pockets of
weakness and we are aware of the environment around us. We see in our pipeline both growth
opportunities in digital cloud and cost opportunities in automation. With all of that, we increase the
growth guidance for the full year.
We are now seeing attrition coming down on a quarterly basis. We see many of the initiatives we
put in place starting to create some impact. We have levers for the margin, several that Nilanjan
shared, large programs will transition to steady state, COLA because of increases in
compensation costs to pricing, pyramid adjustments as we have college hires joining the
production environment, subcontractor usage and then several others on the cost side. Given all of
that we feel we are already well positioned to work with clients on their growth and cost
opportunities and have a margin profile that is something that sustains the high margin approach
of the company. We are looking forward to this year with strength and optimism.
Once again thank you all for joining us and catch up in the next quarter. Thank you.
Moderator
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Infosys that
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.
External Document © 2022 Infosys Limited
21