“Wipro Limited
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call”
January 12, 2024
MANAGEMENT: MR. THIERRY DELAPORTE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE
OFFICER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR – WIPRO
LIMITED
MR. AMIT CHOUDHARY – CHIEF OPERATING
OFFICER – WIPRO LIMITED
MS. APARNA IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –
WIPRO LIMITED
MR. DIPAK KUMAR BOHRA – SENIOR VICE
PRESIDENT, CORPORATE TREASURER AND
INVESTOR RELATIONS – WIPRO LIMITED

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
Moderator: Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Wipro Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings Call. As a
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Dipak Bohra, Senior Vice President, Corporate Treasurer
and Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you, sir.
Dipak Bohra: Thank you, Yashashree. Warm welcome to our Q3 FY24 earnings call. We will begin the call
with the business highlights and overview by Thierry Delaporte, our Chief Executive Officer
and Managing Director, followed by updates on operations and delivery by Amit Choudhary,
our Chief Operating Officer, and finally financial overview by our CFO, Aparna Iyer.
Afterwards, the operator will open the bridge for Q&A with our management team.
Before Thierry starts, let me draw your attention to the fact that during the call, we may make
certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Private Securities and Litigation
Reform Act 1995. These statements are based on management current expectations and are
associated with uncertainties and risks, which may cause the actual results to differ materially
from those expected.
The uncertainties and risk factors are explained in our detailed filings with the SEC. Wipro does
not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statement to reflect events and
circumstances after the date of filing. The conference call will be archived and a transcript will
be available on our website.
Over to you, Thierry. Thank you.
Thierry Delaporte: Dipak, thank you. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today, very glad to have you here
and, of course, here to wish you a great year 2024. So I'll begin today's earnings call with, as
always, an overview of our third quarter results, details of our sectoral performance, the demand
environment, of course, and then direction for the coming quarter. Earlier today, we reported
our numbers to the market and our board and I'm pleased to share with you that we're starting to
see some healthy indicators for growth.
One, our IT services revenue for the quarter is at the top end of the guidance. Our revenue stands
at $2.66 billion in reported currency. We've continued to book deals at a healthy pace, but though
Q3 is typically a shorter quarter due to the year-end holidays, order booking total contract value
terms stand at $3.8 billion. From that our large deals TCV for the quarter was just over $900
million. On a year-to-date basis, it actually shows a 20% growth. We booked 14 deals this quarter
in the greater than $30 million TCV range. By comparison, we had 11 of such deals in the third
quarter of last year.
Next point is on net income for the quarter, where we've expanded margin by 1.8% sequentially.
On operating margin, we stood at 16% despite, I would say, seasonal furloughs and the annual

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
salary increases for our employees. On a year-to-date basis, our margin has actually improved
by more than 60 basis points.
As you know, we have consistently invested in our people, in our processes and organizational
efficiencies over the last several quarters. These investments are paying off. We are seeing it
every day. Our results demonstrate that at a fundamental level, Wipro is increasingly, I would
say, more streamlined, proactive and efficient. This has boosted our clients' trust in our teams.
This has improved our win rate. This is the type of deals we are winning. It's visible in that way.
That is more of a complex transformation deal is what we are seeing.
Wipro is not only benefiting from vendor consolidation, but we're also adding new logos, while
we are continuing to grow our business with existing clients, of course. In fact, our clients tell
me that they are seeing a more confident and united effort from us, One Wipro. We're leveraging
the depth and the breadth of expertise and diversity inside Wipro. Contributions from our
acquired firms, such as Capco, Rizing and Designit, you know them, are more prominent and
well-received.
Looking at the demand environment, I'd say the demand environment overall remains cautious.
Clients are still making conservative investments. They are looking for efficiency. They are
more focusing on returns on investment and looking for better optimization, I would say, of
existing investments. But we are seeing some indicators for growth. If you remember, we had
called out a possible slowdown in the economy as growth in our consulting business slowed. We
know that when the market turns, consulting will be the first area to bounce back.
With that in mind, I'm pleased to share good performance from our consulting business with
Capco reporting a double-digit sequential growth in order bookings, the highest in the last three
quarters.
Turning to our strategic market units, looking at America's 1 first, we recorded a strong quarter
for this unit where we booked half of our 14 large deals this quarter. Revenue in this market
grew 2% sequentially, led by healthcare, which grew actually 9% sequentially. In our America's
2 market unit, we continue to see some softness. This is, you know, let's keep in mind this unit
is primarily a BFSI or BFSI in energy and utilities being, you know, the large part of these units.
They are seeing still some softness and resulting in a 1.3% drop in revenue Q on Q.
That said, there's strong momentum in order bookings, which in total contract value terms
increased 46% sequentially. In Europe, we won four large deals in the third quarter, despite the
continuing economic weakness. These four new transformative deals add up to nearly $300
million in bookings. These deals underscore the success of our strategy in this market, having
said that, revenue from Europe decreased 4.3% sequentially in Q3.
Across the board, but more specifically in our APMEA strategic market unit, we have worked
on and -- you know, we've reported on that regularly. We have worked on reducing low margin
accounts, while slowly moving towards higher value transformation projects. So in APMEA,
revenues declined 5.4% quarter on quarter. However, the strategy of pivoting towards higher
value business reflects in the margins we delivered in the region.

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
Margins rose 240 basis points sequentially to 13.8% this quarter, that's the highest in the last six
quarters. And once again, we are seeing consulting, especially Capco and Rizing, play a big role
in the complex deals we are winning in this market.
To continue this rigor, we made some changes to our growth office recently, you know that.
With the foundational pillars for sales excellence set out by the growth office over the last two
quarters -- the last two years actually, we moved some of the growth office functions inside the
strategic market units, thus creating an even tighter integration with the SMUs.
With this, we reinforced how we nurture large deals in each geography and we will respond
faster to changing market needs. Simultaneously, we continued to streamline our operations as
per plan. We continue to leverage artificial intelligence and automation for efficiency across all
functions and business areas.
We continue to add to that the learning and development and re-skilling of our existing talent
base and besides optimizing our talent pyramid to better serve clients' needs. Multiple initiatives
are in place. I request Amit to share highlights of some of those programs with you today.
What I can say with confidence is that Wipro is a better partner for our clients today. We are
more agile, one that is responding to and evolving with our clients and their needs. Amit, by the
way, will also share with you highlights of the work done around account delivery and service
excellence. This really is the centrepiece of our efficiency play and increase agility. We continue
to invest in areas that we know are going to remain, I would say, fundamental for our long-term
success.
And let's start with that. People are our most valuable assets. We awarded our colleagues their
performance-based annual salary increases recently, as you know. The promotion cycle just
closed and we'll be making the announcement soon. We've continued to stress on and offer
training and development options and growth opportunities to our employees.
This is critical to why people continue to choose to work with and give the best to Wipro. Of
course, returning to work more regularly after a few years of fully remote work has absolutely
helped energize the culture and the atmosphere in our offices. Then there's AI.
We'd be amiss to not share how we are using AI ourselves as an organization and for our clients.
AI is now moving from the curiosity and experimentation stage to becoming vital, I was going
to say viral as well, to business strategy. In fact, we can confidently say that every long-term
large deal now has an AI component.
A substantial portion of our clients are looking for us to develop use cases tied to their business
goals. They want us to use AI models to drive tangible results. AI is now embedded across most
of our existing solutions and offerings.
In addition, every business line is working to launch new offerings that use AI. That's the way it
is at the moment. For example, in our full-stride cloud business, an area that's particularly hot
when it comes to the use of Gen AI is digital workplace services.

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
Leveraging Gen AI to lighten the load on service desks, deliver faster and better client services
now part of every RFP in this space. One of our largest deals in Europe this quarter is to
transform digital workplace services of a multinational telecommunications company. This will
help improve client satisfaction and reduce operating expenses.
We will actually build an AI-powered platform for them that provides service desks, on-site and
remote support services for 100,000 users and 80,000 managed devices across 240 locations
worldwide. Now, in engineering, we are seeing strong interest for AI in the automotive and
manufacturing industries in particular. Clients in these industries want AI to increase
productivity and the R&D process and accelerate new product development.
With Wipro Enterprise Featuring, we are helping clients accelerate adoption. We are leveraging
Wipro's Gen AI framework and studio to develop key assets at all levels of the AI stack,
including models, platforms, solutions. We will help clients with model development,
performance, privacy and of course compliance.
We're also building governance frameworks around responsible, sustainable and ethical AI
development. In fact, we are working with a global healthcare insurer right now to develop a
Gen AI-powered knowledge research solution to transform their contact center. The goal here is
to improve patient experience and operational efficiency by cutting the time it takes to analyze
healthcare plan documents and response time.
We've also developed a Gen AI-powered assistant for a Fortune 500 investments and insurance
firm. This assistant improves quality and reduces the time spent in crafting personalized email
campaigns. Early results show very tangible growth in click-through conversion rate.
Additionally to those examples, I would say that expanding our relationship with strategic
partners is a critical part of our ai360 strategy. During the past quarter, we collaborated with
NVIDIA to help healthcare companies build AI-driven strategies, products and services. This
partnership with NVIDIA is a great differentiator for us, given our domain expertise in the
healthcare sector.
We are also expanding our partnership with IBM to invest in next new joint solutions built on
IBM watsonx that makes it easier to deploy reliable, responsible and sustainable AI solutions.
To do all this in a consistent, innovative and scalable fashion, we are preparing our workforce.
We have now 210,000 Wiproites who have been trained on AI 101 skills.
We have now rolled out persona-based learning pathways for different roles and functions. Our
goal is to actually ensure that everyone at Wipro has the skills to fully leverage AI in their
everyday work and for AI-related client projects. We are accelerating Gen AI adoption internally
as well by integrating the technology across our entire portfolio of platforms.
This is resulting in quality and productivity improvements across HR, marketing, sales,
operations, finance, as well as software development and quality engineering and testing. Our
investments in our ai360 ecosystem, combined with the strategic value our consulting business
brings to clients, is the reason we are increasingly the preferred partner for our clients. So, we

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
are confident that we have the right vision, we have the right strategy and the right leadership to
continue to grow and keep us competitive, resilient and ambitious.
On to our guidance now for the next quarter. We are guiding for a sequential growth of minus
1.5% to plus 0.5% in constant currency terms. We expect margins to stay range-bound like in
the last few quarters. Now, as the market starts to turn around on the back of our transformation
and efficiency play, we expect to see improvements in the coming quarters.
With that, I'll turn it over to you, Amit, for your comments.
Amit Choudhary: Thank you, Thierry. Hello, everyone. I will cover some key areas of business transformation and
focus programs that have helped us maintain margins despite the current demand environment.
On the delivery excellence front, our top priority is to deliver best-in-class solutions for our
clients. We now consistently leverage our four global business line model to create the best
possible ecosystem to build talent and deliver innovative solutions to our clients. This is being
supplemented by strong delivery governance, to investing in a better program management, by
building the delivery leadership cadre, through focused training interventions, AI-based
assessments, and skilling for emerging technology trends.
We have a dedicated AI delivery council to identify opportunities to infuse AI into our delivery
activities. Our account delivery executives are absolutely core to the client experience. We are
enabling and empowering these delivery leaders to make decisions with a client-centric mind-
set.
They are driving initiatives and solution offerings with an AI-first and a one Wipro approach.
Another area of work has been the restructuring of our low-margin businesses. Thierry talked
about it briefly, especially in the context of our improved performance in APMEA.
Low-margin businesses are being reduced steadily through a multi-pronged action plan. Moving
on to the operational excellence side, Thierry has spoken of how skill is our biggest currency.
We are working on an end-to-end process to provide the right skill at the right time, at the right
cost, in the right place.
We are doing this through an improved forecasting process, proactive skilling through account
academies, pyramid optimization, improving our talent supply chain through an AI-powered
talent marketplace, effort optimization, automation, and strong change management. We are
reducing operating costs and optimizing our organizational design across all units and
geographies, which is building an agile Wipro better suited in this dynamic market.
We are heading towards more and more AI-based automation internally, resulting in more
productivity and better efficiency. Thierry talked about how we are taking AI-led solutions to
our clients. We have a similar rigor for internal-facing AI applications, like the AI-powered
talent marketplace, persona-based learning pathways for sales and business teams, developers,
engineers and architects. We are using AI for simplification of employee user experience as
well.

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
We are aligning our operational structure, skilling academies and Gen AI capabilities to market
demand, client expectations and also to the evolving process landscape inside Wipro. We are the
one of the biggest customers of our ai360 ecosystem. These transformation programs and margin
expansion initiatives are delivering results. Our goals remain profitable growth, delivery
excellence, and internal capability development, all leading towards sustainable success.
Now I will hand it over to Aparna.
Aparna Iyer: Good evening, everybody. Wish you all a very Happy New Year. Let me highlight to you our
financial performance for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. Following a quarter of strong
execution, our revenue is at the top end of the guidance range. In constant currency terms,
revenue declined 1.7% sequentially.
In terms of margins, as we had called out last quarter, we had steep challenges on the backdrop
of a weak demand environment, seasonal furloughs as well as salary increases for our employees
effective 1st December. I'm pleased to share with you that our margins have remained resilient
as we executed on 3 counts: one, maximizing our revenue performance; two, realizing savings
from structural improvements of pyramids and fixed price productivity; and three, reducing
discretionary spend.
On a year-to-date basis, we've improved our margins by over 60 basis points. We worked on
rationalizing all aspects of working capital. As a result, in Q3, we have delivered an operating
cash flows of $576 million. This is 177% of our net income and highest in the last 5 quarters.
Our gross cash was at $4.6 billion and net cash was at $2.7 billion, both increased year-on-year,
despite having completed our largest buyback in July.
Speaking of capital allocation, our Board of Directors have declared an interim dividend of INR1
per equity share. Our net income for the quarter is at INR26.9 billion, which is an increase of
1.8% quarter-on-quarter. Our EPS has increased by 2% on quarter-on-quarter basis. Despite a
weak demand environment, it is heartening to note that on a year-to-date basis, our EPS has
improved by 2.2%.
Our EPS for Q3 and year-to-date includes a charge that we have taken in our P&L on account
of restructuring exercise that we had undergone during the year. I'd like to confirm that we have
completed the restructuring that we wanted to do and do not anticipate such charges henceforth.
In terms of other important metrics, our ETR is at 24%, which is in line with what we delivered
in Q2. Our hedges continue to be in line with our policy and was at $3.4 billion.
Finally, I would like to summarize the guidance for Q4, as stated by Thierry. We expect revenue
from IT Services business segment to be in the range of $2.615 billion to $2.669 billion. This
translates to a sequential guidance of minus 1.5% to a plus 0.5% in constant currency terms.
With that, we'll be happy to take questions.
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first
question from the line of Moshe Katri from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
Moshe Katri: Thank you and congrats on a strong result. Happy New Year. Thierry, 2 questions for you.
There's clearly a lot of excitement and bullishness in the market about the prospects for the
industry for the next 6 to 12 months. From your perspective, looking at visibility in the pipeline,
do you feel that we're headed towards that inflection point? Maybe you can talk about that.
And then the second question is on Capco. Clearly, you have a very unique asset there. Maybe
you can remind us, maybe talk about the metrics. The headcount at Capco, you said that the
bookings were pretty strong. Talk a bit about the nature of the work and what sort of client
conversations you're having when you're kind of pitching Capco. Thanks a lot.
Thierry Delaporte: Moshe, thank you for your question. Let me try to address them. The first one is the outlook. Let
me rephrase a little bit your comment on the outlook for the service industry. Let me tell you
what we see. What we've seen is that, first of all, over the last few quarters, it has been a market
unusually, I would say, slow and exposed to uncertainty.
I mean, it was visible in some industries, in particular financial services. We've seen it with
banks reducing their spend, discretionary spend, with technologies who typically were
significant technology spenders before, and other industries as well.
Let's be clear, Moshe. The market has not fundamentally changed in the last weeks. What we
are seeing is, I would say, we are seeing green shoots. We are seeing a certain form of
stabilization and, in some ways, some pickup in discretionary spend.
That's what we are seeing. And I think we are trying to be cautious in our optimism because we
want to continue to see more about it, right? And you know that typically in January, February,
beginning of calendar year, are the times where, through our interactions with our clients, we
get a better feel for what will be their budget and what will be their priorities.
So what I would say is, a little early to tell for the next year or the year soon to start for us, but I
would say a little bit of green shoots. We've seen, hence, the ability to hit the top of the guidance.
One element of -- major of this improvement is coming from the performance of our consulting
business, and in particular of our Capco business.
Precisely in this industry, financial services, that has seen one of the most steep reductions in
discretionary spend in the previous quarters, the performance of the team has been really solid
in bookings during the quarter. That's why we report and share it with you openly. I was the first
one to recognize that the choice of our strategic decision to invest in consulting was absolutely
critical to our strategy, essential, key.
But we also knew that those are the businesses that typically are the first ones to slow down
when there is a slowdown in the market. They are also usually among the first ones to bounce
back. Let's just say, it's been a strong performance this quarter and it gives us good optimism for
the quarters to come.
You asked about the type of business. Capco is more on the business side and it is on the IT side,
but it's also on the IT side. That's the strength of Capco. And it's also because Capco have been
working together with Wipro – with our clients. And therefore, it really goes from all advisory

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
discussions, compliance, all the way to driving transformation, large-scale transformation to
technology implementation, including AI, Gen AI programs.
Thierry Delaporte: So, I hope I answered your question, Moshe.
Moshe Katri: Yes, thank you very much.
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Girish Pai from Nirmal Bang Equities.
Please go ahead.
Girish Pai: Thanks for the opportunity. I want to go back to the Capco situation. You said that there was
double-digit growth in order bookings in Capco. Can you tell us how material the order bookings
are? Because for the quarter, you talked about $3.8 billion as order inflow. How much of that
would have come from Capco? And if you were to compare the order inflow for Capco in the
December quarter, how does this compare with the all-time high order inflow number that Capco
had post acquisition? That's my first question.
Thierry Delaporte: So, Girish, a couple of comments. One, we are not necessarily commenting on specifics of every
brick of our organization. Okay? So, I'll keep that in mind. Second, I would say the performance
of Capco is material for the organization, right? So, in good and bad times, Capco is a key
strategic part of our organization. It's the reality.
Third, difficult to compare or have a meaningful comparison with when we acquired them
because between the day we acquired them and now, Capco has grown tremendously. So, it's a
different business and certainly business has changed. So, not necessarily able to relate to that.
I think, let's put it that way. There has been a period where Capco has grown very rapidly and
was driving growth for the entire organization.
I mean, leading growth, I would say, because everybody was growing. Then, in the time of
slowdown, Capco has been a little more exposed. And today, we are seeing Capco showing signs
of bounce back.
Girish Pai: Couple of follow-up questions on Capco. Was the growth in order book broad-based across your
various BFSI clients or was it very specific to pockets within BFSI? That's question number one.
Second question is, for $1 of consulting, what is a typical downstream dollars that you kind of
get from Capco?
Thierry Delaporte: That's -- So, the first question. So the first question I would say is, the growth is broad-based.
It's not like there's been a one account bump or anything. It's broad-based. So, your first question
is, here is my answer. The second one is, what we call the pull-through, right? Consulting should
lead to -- It's not always easy to track, but you can expect easily 5x to 6x the consulting business.
That's what we are seeing with a lot of the projects we sign. And then, the reason why it's difficult
to answer, Girish, is because there's an evolution of an account development strategy over time.
And so, when you look at the cycle, a life cycle of an account development, there will be a time
where there will be a larger component of consulting.

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
In some moment, there's going to be a smaller versus the different type of services. And that’s -
- we are observing this. But the pull-through is significant, that's for sure.
Girish Pai: Okay, thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sudheer Guntupalli from Kotak
Mahindra Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Sudheer Guntupalli: Yes, thanks. Hi, Thierry. Just one question. So, growth in Q3 ended up towards the higher end
of our guidance band, and you're calling out green shoots of recovery in consulting segment.
Historically, March quarter has not been so bad for us in terms of seasonality. And after multiple
quarters of revenue weakness, our base looks mathematically favourable.
So, in that backdrop, I'm a little perplexed on how to reconcile the lower end of our guidance
band at around 1.5% decline. So, are we being a little conservative here to keep buffer for any
potential shocks? Or is there any revenue impact due to the restructuring of the low margin
business that we spoke about?
Thierry Delaporte: Sudheer, this is the nature of our guidance, to give a bracket so that they are -- You know,
because the reality is that we are still in a market where there's things are happening and up and
down. And there's -- We need to see how this quarter turns. But I think this guidance is sharing
a, I would say, cautious level of optimism.
Sudheer Guntupalli: Got it, Thierry. No, I was just surprised as to the lower end here implies the same kind of number
that we did in December quarter, which is typically very weak seasonally. And this time around,
almost everybody is seeing higher than expected furloughs. So, I was just trying to understand
how you arrived at that base case scenario. Is there anything specific that you're looking at or
just the wide band that you wanted to keep?
Thierry Delaporte: Well, if I'm not wrong, Sudheer, actually the lower end of our guidance equals the top end of the
guidance of the previous quarter. So, it shows a trend.
Sudheer Guntupalli: Got it. Thank you so much. All the best.
Thierry Delaporte: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. Please
go ahead.
Abhishek Kumar: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Thierry last few quarters, our growth has been challenged by
some of the project cancellations, leakages, etcetera. Now, as you say, there are signs of
stabilization. Is the leakage reduced to a level where the incoming revenue from all the deals we
have won has started to exceed what is leaking out and therefore, incrementally, there should be
growth? Is that kind of the right understanding?
Thierry Delaporte: You know, if we look at our performance on bookings, therefore our ability to close deals in the
market, it continues to be rather good. So, the sales performance has never stopped to be pretty
good. I mean, the performance for the last three quarters, and we know that through those

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
performance in sales, in particular with significant volume of large yields, this will definitely
increase our backlog for the quarters to come.
What was hurting our growth was the discretionary spend. So, typically the smaller type of
projects, but which in large volume was contributing to revenue growth. In this context, that's
why you've seen that indeed we've not been able to show growth over the last quarters. We are
seeing a little bit of a -- probably a significant, I would say, and I don't know how to say it, either
an end of the discretionary spend or actually a slight pick-up of the discretionary spend.
But that's where we are seeing a little bit of inversion of the trend for sure.
Abhishek Kumar: Yes, that's helpful. And maybe the next question is on margin, maybe on the medium term. We
have done a tremendous job in protecting our margin despite revenue erosion. So, as growth
comes back, how are we looking at or how should we look at margins over the medium term?
Should we go back to maybe pre-Capco kind of margin levels? Any colour on margin trajectory
over the medium term? Thank you.
Thierry Delaporte: So, I'll reflect a little bit on your question and then I'll ask Aparna to build on or to take this point
more specifically. What I would say is that for sure, it was important to us to show that through
our actions around efficiency, productivity, automation, process improvements, all of that deep,
deep activity inside the organization, the objective was to build a certain level of resilience of
our margin profile. And indeed we have launched these actions a few years ago at a time where
we didn't know the market would slow down.
Actually, this market slowdown has been a proof point that our resiliency has improved
tremendously over the last quarters. Indeed, you say it, despite the slowdowns, despite, the lack
of growth, despite, salary increase, MSI to our employees, we've been able to hold our margin.
So, it gives us certainly a certain level of confidence that with the growth, we'll be able to
imagine expansion. Aparna?
Aparna Iyer: Yes, you know, to just add to what you said, Thierry, that when the growth returns, obviously
you will see an uptick in the margins. But we also need to remind ourselves that, we need to also
invest for growth. And that will also remain a key agenda for us. There are areas of AI we need
to continue to invest in our people, in processes. And therefore, yes, there is an expansion
possible with returning growth, but with investments for growth.
Abhishek Kumar: Sure. Thank you and good luck.
Thierry Delaporte: Thank you.
Aparna Iyer: Thank you.
Moderator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please
go ahead. Mr. Taneja, please unmute your line. Since there is no response, we'll move on to the
next question from the line of Dipesh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
Dipesh: Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Two questions. First, about in your prepared remark, you
indicated E&U, where demand remains healthy. But if I look at our performance for the last
couple of quarters, E&U remains weak, at least from a sequential growth perspective. And E&U,
where we used to have significant capability compared to some of our peers. So if you can
provide some sense about, and most of your peers so far indicated E&U is one of the resilient
verticals from a demand perspective.
If you can provide some sense, how one should look at the demand trajectory for E&U verticals.
And second is on manufacturing. Now, manufacturing remains weak for some time. And
otherwise, manufacturing is showing a strong demand direction. So if you help us understand
steps you're taking to expand our capability, landscaping, manufacturing, and how one should
look at it from a medium-term perspective? Thank you.
Thierry Delaporte: Okay, understood. Thank you, Dipesh. So, first of all, I always caution a little bit any conclusion,
too rapidly drawn by, looking at a Q-on-Q performance in a sector. Because sometimes, it just,
happens that in an account or in a geography, one event is slightly impacting the picture. What
I would say is looking at E&U and manufacturing. So E&U is actually a reasonably good market.
It's a place where, there's significant investment, whether it's on the engineering side, on the IT
side. Significant investment made on the AI, Gen AI as well. So, that's a market where, we are
expecting to see growth for us.
Manufacturing, you said it, it's been mixed over the last few quarters. But there's particularly,
for example, if I look at automotive, it is an area where there's significant investments. We are
really making significant inroads in this industry in particular through our investments, whether
it's on -- around the car cloud business or whether it's on, autonomous, you know, automation
and so on. There's a lot that we've been doing and we will see growth over the next quarters for
sure.
Dipesh: Okay, I'm looking. Yes, sorry. I'm looking from slightly medium-term perspective. Let's say
manufacturing, if you look at from size perspective, for us it is 6%-7% adjusted revenue. Now,
6%-7%, whether you believe it is reflective of the market opportunity or you think it will change
over the next three, five years? And if it is likely to change, which area we are investing to drive
that change?
Thierry Delaporte: You know, you ask me now to look at the crystal ball, right, and tell you what's going to be the
growth in the next four years in this industry. It's hard to tell. I can tell you that I certainly want
us to invest in the Energy and Utilities as well as in the manufacturing sectors. Those are two
key sectors for Wipro. And we have, big ambitions. We are working with large clients and will
continue to do so.
Dipesh: Thanks.
Moderator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital. Please go
ahead.

Confidential-Internal
Wipro Limited
January 12, 2024
Anmol Garg: Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So I have a couple of questions. Firstly, just wanted to understand,
that when can we start to expect the next headcount addition? So now that we're expecting
growth to come back, maybe in the medium term, can we expect that we add supply from the
next quarter?
Thierry Delaporte: So, Tob, you want to take that one?
Management: Yes. So, look at the entire supply chain. Today, a low attrition, a headspace for higher utilization.
We have enough talent pool available. And for certain specific skills which we require, we'll
continue to hire. So the current environment, we feel that it's from supply will not be a constraint.
As demand picks up for the quarters, we'll definitely look at hiring in more bigger numbers.
Anmol Garg: Sure. And secondly, if you can indicate how has been the trends and deal wins in terms of the
net new versus renewals?
Thierry Delaporte: Net new versus renewals. So we are not communicating this information. But what I can say is
that if we look at the large deals, actually, the majority is net new.
Anmol Garg: Sure. Thanks. That's it from my end.
Moderator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand
the conference back to Mr. Dipak Bohra for closing comments. Over to you, sir.
Dipak Bohra: Thank you all for joining the call. If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out
to the investor relations team. Have a nice day.
Moderator: Thank you. On behalf of Wipro Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining
us. And you may now disconnect your lines.

Confidential-Internal